as a consequence of being mostly privately owned , the town is very opulently designed .	as a consequence of being mostly privately owned , the town are very opulently designed .
the two versions of the game have identical core gameplay elements , though the extreme version is tweaked to feel more like the arcade mode in the original off-world interceptor .	the two versions of the game has identical core gameplay elements , though the extreme version is tweaked to feel more like the arcade mode in the original off-world interceptor .
discipline in public schools of all levels is generally very tight with school uniforms and morning reveille being the norm .	discipline in public schools of all levels are generally very tight with school uniforms and morning reveille being the norm .
the release contains a non-anamorphic picture and a `` making of '' feature section .	the release contain a non-anamorphic picture and a `` making of '' feature section .
businesses engaged in the manufacture and distribution of clothing include union underwear corp .	businesses engaged in the manufacture and distribution of clothing includes union underwear corp .
entrances to this section of the park are to the west at saltwell road and to the extreme south-east corner .	entrances to this section of the park is to the west at saltwell road and to the extreme south-east corner .
their lack of valves , seals and glands makes them comparatively inexpensive to maintain , and the use of a hose or tube makes for a low-cost maintenance item compared to other pump types .	their lack of valves , seals and glands make them comparatively inexpensive to maintain , and the use of a hose or tube makes for a low-cost maintenance item compared to other pump types .
still , a discussion is not enough and the pattern of disruptive editing and personal attacks - again , especially ones relating to violence and radicalism - are something i would like to see administrators address .	still , a discussion is not enough and the pattern of disruptive editing and personal attacks - again , especially ones relating to violence and radicalism - is something i would like to see administrators address .
the language of these early writings also reveals the heavy influence of british victorian and romantic anthology pieces , which manifests itself in a pompous style , elitism and overawed-ness in the face of british models .	the language of these early writings also reveal the heavy influence of british victorian and romantic anthology pieces , which manifests itself in a pompous style , elitism and overawed-ness in the face of british models .
immediately to the north , the state highway has a partial interchange with i-395 ( henry g .	immediately to the north , the state highway have a partial interchange with i-395 ( henry g .
the deadline for proposals for workshops and tutorials is this saturday , april 15 , and the deadline for abstracts for panels , papers , posters and presentations is april 30 .	the deadline for proposals for workshops and tutorials are this saturday , april 15 , and the deadline for abstracts for panels , papers , posters and presentations is april 30 .
guided tours of the inside of the dam are available .	guided tours of the inside of the dam is available .
the umwelt theory states that the mind and the world are inseparable , because it is the mind that interprets the world for the organism .	the umwelt theory states that the mind and the world is inseparable , because it is the mind that interprets the world for the organism .
each task difficulty has an order of hierarchical complexity required to complete it correctly , corresponding to the atomic slater eigenstate .	each task difficulty have an order of hierarchical complexity required to complete it correctly , corresponding to the atomic slater eigenstate .
this picture comes from the national historic registry , a division of the u .	this picture come from the national historic registry , a division of the u .
the very feminine collection , reveals the designer , also included hand paintings by bhamini subramaniam .	the very feminine collection , reveal the designer , also included hand paintings by bhamini subramaniam .
the purpose of dividing the members into sectors and chapters is to enable networking between those members which have certain aspects in common in order to enhance their business activities in the industry .	the purpose of dividing the members into sectors and chapters are to enable networking between those members which have certain aspects in common in order to enhance their business activities in the industry .
well , as you state , the sources that there was a movement are clearly there .	well , as you state , the sources that there was a movement is clearly there .
highlights of the school year include the eisteddfod , the inter-house sports tournaments , the high quality productions by bishop gore theatre company , and the end of year balls for the senior students .	highlights of the school year includes the eisteddfod , the inter-house sports tournaments , the high quality productions by bishop gore theatre company , and the end of year balls for the senior students .
pests of tea include mosquito bugs that can tatter leaves , so they may be sprayed with insecticides .	pests of tea includes mosquito bugs that can tatter leaves , so they may be sprayed with insecticides .
the way to counter lots of votes by new users is to vote against them , not to call them names .	the way to counter lots of votes by new users are to vote against them , not to call them names .
uterine contractions and maternal muscle tone encourage the head to flex .	uterine contractions and maternal muscle tone encourages the head to flex .
for adults , circumcision is often performed without clamps , and non-surgical alternatives such as the elastic ring controlled radial compression device are available .	for adults , circumcision is often performed without clamps , and non-surgical alternatives such as the elastic ring controlled radial compression device is available .
however , it is n't a ballad , as its driving guitars and fast-paced beat and upbeat sound maintain it as more of a pop-rock song , in the vein of `` born to be my baby '' .	however , it is n't a ballad , as its driving guitars and fast-paced beat and upbeat sound maintains it as more of a pop-rock song , in the vein of `` born to be my baby '' .
the pièces de clavecin en concerts , published in 1741 , constitute the only chamber music by jean-philippe rameau and were composed in full maturity ; they came after his music for solo harpsichord , and just before les indes galantes .	the pièces de clavecin en concerts , published in 1741 , constitutes the only chamber music by jean-philippe rameau and were composed in full maturity ; they came after his music for solo harpsichord , and just before les indes galantes .
moreover , the means by which arterial stiffness causes damage to the heart are several-fold .	moreover , the means by which arterial stiffness causes damage to the heart is several-fold .
the justification required to create a page is negated by the fact that other artists with less productivity and fame have their page .	the justification required to create a page is negated by the fact that other artists with less productivity and fame has their page .
the ones that i see in the article are south african , tanzanian , ethiopian and egyptian , all written in english .	the ones that i see in the article is south african , tanzanian , ethiopian and egyptian , all written in english .
integration programs such as language and vocational training appear to be insufficiently disseminated among asylum seekers and refugees .	integration programs such as language and vocational training appears to be insufficiently disseminated among asylum seekers and refugees .
such rules have also required the ncaa to write new rules stating that , when looking at instant replay video , the zeros on the clock , not the horn or red light , now determine the end of the game .	such rules have also required the ncaa to write new rules stating that , when looking at instant replay video , the zeros on the clock , not the horn or red light , now determines the end of the game .
the album contains twelve music tracks plus one bonus track for the limited edition first print release of eternal flame .	the album contain twelve music tracks plus one bonus track for the limited edition first print release of eternal flame .
however , at this point i believe that swatjester 's work over the last few months shows that any such concerns are no longer operative .	however , at this point i believe that swatjester 's work over the last few months show that any such concerns are no longer operative .
the species in this family are hermaphroditic .	the species in this family is hermaphroditic .
culturedharan , the place inhabited by different people has almost 110 , 316 ( 1998 eat .	culturedharan , the place inhabited by different people have almost 110 , 316 ( 1998 eat .
delete the comments above and from the edit summary indicate a reluctant view that the subject may attain an inherent notability by virtue of his job .	delete the comments above and from the edit summary indicates a reluctant view that the subject may attain an inherent notability by virtue of his job .
all students in their junior or senior year who rank in the top ten percent of the class are eligible as are other students who have a teacher recommendation .	all students in their junior or senior year who rank in the top ten percent of the class is eligible as are other students who have a teacher recommendation .
the clouds and colour of the sky are also fantastic .	the clouds and colour of the sky is also fantastic .
you wrote that when rushdoony said , `` the background of the negro culture is voodoo and magic ; and the purposes the magic are control and power over god , man , nature and society .	you wrote that when rushdoony said , `` the background of the negro culture is voodoo and magic ; and the purposes the magic is control and power over god , man , nature and society .
the licensing system varies from country to country , but usually there are several levels of licenses , the higher licenses giving the rigger more privileges in the field .	the licensing system varies from country to country , but usually there is several levels of licenses , the higher licenses giving the rigger more privileges in the field .
the four houses in the school ( in alphabetical order ) are bracken ( green ) , brooke ( blue ) , burns ( white ) and byron ( red ) , named after british poets .	the four houses in the school ( in alphabetical order ) is bracken ( green ) , brooke ( blue ) , burns ( white ) and byron ( red ) , named after british poets .
mobile telephony has the advantage of reaching all areas at a lower cost , and the total number of mobile lines is almost two times that of landlines , with an estimation of 63 million lines .	mobile telephony has the advantage of reaching all areas at a lower cost , and the total number of mobile lines are almost two times that of landlines , with an estimation of 63 million lines .
the latter figure is the usual positional accuracy of faint details in maps and technical plans .	the latter figure are the usual positional accuracy of faint details in maps and technical plans .
other names in common use include streptomycin 6-phosphate phosphatase , streptomycin 6-phosphate phosphohydrolase , and streptomycin-6-p phosphohydrolase .	other names in common use includes streptomycin 6-phosphate phosphatase , streptomycin 6-phosphate phosphohydrolase , and streptomycin-6-p phosphohydrolase .
disputing editors explain in more detail their arguments at the request of the other party .	disputing editors explains in more detail their arguments at the request of the other party .
the character accents , initial poverty , and existence of oil , however , are all more consistent with an appalachian origin , much farther east .	the character accents , initial poverty , and existence of oil , however , is all more consistent with an appalachian origin , much farther east .
conversely , individuals with a performance goal orientation are likely to interpret feedback as `` evaluative and judgmental information about the self '' ( p .	conversely , individuals with a performance goal orientation is likely to interpret feedback as `` evaluative and judgmental information about the self '' ( p .
self antigens , in the right context , form a suppressor t-cell population that protects self tissues from immune attack or autoimmunity .	self antigens , in the right context , forms a suppressor t-cell population that protects self tissues from immune attack or autoimmunity .
on issues where wikipedia editors are not united , this `` king of the hill '' way of doing things seems to be the way it works .	on issues where wikipedia editors are not united , this `` king of the hill '' way of doing things seem to be the way it works .
the segmented nature can make programming and compiler design difficult because the use of near and far pointers affects performance .	the segmented nature can make programming and compiler design difficult because the use of near and far pointers affect performance .
some scenes from the a new hope climax are very similar to those in the dam busters and some of the dialogue is nearly identical in the two films .	some scenes from the a new hope climax is very similar to those in the dam busters and some of the dialogue is nearly identical in the two films .
each december tcs holds a week without walls community service programme where all senior school students and faculty go to various sites in northumberland county , quinte region , peterborough and toronto to perform volunteer work .	each december tcs holds a week without walls community service programme where all senior school students and faculty goes to various sites in northumberland county , quinte region , peterborough and toronto to perform volunteer work .
one way of listing destinations is with a bulleted list .	one way of listing destinations are with a bulleted list .
salsola soda , and the other plants that were cultivated for soda ash , are `` halophytes '' that tolerate much more saline soils than do glycophytes , and that can thrive with much larger densities of sodium in their tissues than can glycophytes .	salsola soda , and the other plants that were cultivated for soda ash , is `` halophytes '' that tolerate much more saline soils than do glycophytes , and that can thrive with much larger densities of sodium in their tissues than can glycophytes .
this game mechanic is similar to the possibility to use other characters ' special moves in bloodstorm , another arcade fighting game .	this game mechanic are similar to the possibility to use other characters ' special moves in bloodstorm , another arcade fighting game .
its construction , at least the components still visible , dates back to norman times and has undergone significant changes over time , especially in angevin and aragonese times .	its construction , at least the components still visible , date back to norman times and has undergone significant changes over time , especially in angevin and aragonese times .
the two twin apartment buildings that face the northern side of the football field are the fontana buildings .	the two twin apartment buildings that face the northern side of the football field is the fontana buildings .
this category is for fashion articles that have not been rated on the wikipedia 1 .	this category are for fashion articles that have not been rated on the wikipedia 1 .
therefore , the phrase is a rough description , and you will need to read the bylaws of the specific organization to determine the precise day and time that is the last possible acceptable entry .	therefore , the phrase are a rough description , and you will need to read the bylaws of the specific organization to determine the precise day and time that is the last possible acceptable entry .
the most prominent meeting places on the web of the blades of exile community are the official company-hosted internet forum .	the most prominent meeting places on the web of the blades of exile community is the official company-hosted internet forum .
equivalent terms are in use in most countries with field post offices .	equivalent terms is in use in most countries with field post offices .
some other editor makes a dumb comment and it ends up here .	some other editor make a dumb comment and it ends up here .
standard school uniform for juniors is a blue shirt , blue jumper with school logo , blue and cerise striped tie .	standard school uniform for juniors are a blue shirt , blue jumper with school logo , blue and cerise striped tie .
the size of the droplets controls the size of the produced beads .	the size of the droplets control the size of the produced beads .
the structures of an animal cell are the nucleus , endoplasmic reticulum ( rough and smooth ) , golgi apparatus , mitochondria , lysosomes , ribosomes , and centrioles .	the structures of an animal cell is the nucleus , endoplasmic reticulum ( rough and smooth ) , golgi apparatus , mitochondria , lysosomes , ribosomes , and centrioles .
travelling backwards in time and travelling faster than the speed of light ( which i expect are the two things you are really asking about ) are essentially the same thing , according to general relativity ( just from a different point of view ) .	travelling backwards in time and travelling faster than the speed of light ( which i expect is the two things you are really asking about ) are essentially the same thing , according to general relativity ( just from a different point of view ) .
i 'm saying ( try running `` ashtar '' on the 'in book ' search function ) unfortunately , once again as is often the case , google books will not allow a full view of the material online .	i 'm saying ( try running `` ashtar '' on the 'in book ' search function ) unfortunately , once again as are often the case , google books will not allow a full view of the material online .
several haunted houses , each designed with a new theme annually , are also part of h5 .	several haunted houses , each designed with a new theme annually , is also part of h5 .
two detectors at exactly the same scattering angle to the left and right of the foil count the number of scattered electrons .	two detectors at exactly the same scattering angle to the left and right of the foil counts the number of scattered electrons .
discussion between editors is vital to wikipedia '' but xe just carries on with no discussion .	discussion between editors are vital to wikipedia '' but xe just carries on with no discussion .
alston was indicted in an anne arundel county courtroom with embezzlement on september 24 , 2011 ; her charges , laid by the state prosecutor , include one count each of felony and misdemeanor theft , misappropriation by a fiduciary and two election law offenses .	alston was indicted in an anne arundel county courtroom with embezzlement on september 24 , 2011 ; her charges , laid by the state prosecutor , includes one count each of felony and misdemeanor theft , misappropriation by a fiduciary and two election law offenses .
diagnoses at this distance in time are almost impossible , but my impression is that charles vi probably had schizophrenia , whereas henry vi was probably mentally retarded -- he seems to have been generally clueless even on his best days .	diagnoses at this distance in time is almost impossible , but my impression is that charles vi probably had schizophrenia , whereas henry vi was probably mentally retarded -- he seems to have been generally clueless even on his best days .
rules of golf etiquette , covered by the main book , define the proper behaviour of those playing the game .	rules of golf etiquette , covered by the main book , defines the proper behaviour of those playing the game .
and many notable people in the industry attend each year , so the industry takes it seriously .	and many notable people in the industry attends each year , so the industry takes it seriously .
carman 's main areas of interest are in the philosophy of martin heidegger and in phenomenology .	carman 's main areas of interest is in the philosophy of martin heidegger and in phenomenology .
the oldest churches in the district have saxon origins ( i .	the oldest churches in the district has saxon origins ( i .
the trail begins at saratoga gap on the ridge , at the intersection of sr 9 and skyline boulevard ( sr 35 ) .	the trail begin at saratoga gap on the ridge , at the intersection of sr 9 and skyline boulevard ( sr 35 ) .
the minimum pocket money for au pairs is 55-60 euros a week .	the minimum pocket money for au pairs are 55-60 euros a week .
if citation counts from google scholar are worthless , then all citation counts in computer science are worthless , as the other sources of data are even worse than gs .	if citation counts from google scholar are worthless , then all citation counts in computer science is worthless , as the other sources of data are even worse than gs .
camera-tube focus coils , by themselves , have essentially parallel lines of force , very different from the localized semi-toroidal magnetic field geometry inside a tv receiver crt focus coil .	camera-tube focus coils , by themselves , has essentially parallel lines of force , very different from the localized semi-toroidal magnetic field geometry inside a tv receiver crt focus coil .
the things which have the greatest value in use have frequently little or no value in exchange ; on the contrary , those which have the greatest value in exchange have frequently little or no value in use .	the things which have the greatest value in use has frequently little or no value in exchange ; on the contrary , those which have the greatest value in exchange have frequently little or no value in use .
active components such as an ideal voltage or current source are also causal .	active components such as an ideal voltage or current source is also causal .
unlike most other versions , the teams in the dutch version do n't always consist of five family members , but sometimes the teams consist from friends , colleagues , members of a sports team , etc .	unlike most other versions , the teams in the dutch version do n't always consist of five family members , but sometimes the teams consists from friends , colleagues , members of a sports team , etc .
cartels that rely on drug trafficking for income require a secure supply via the center of the gang , but los zetas `` franchises '' can thrive by relying on non-drug activities .	cartels that rely on drug trafficking for income requires a secure supply via the center of the gang , but los zetas `` franchises '' can thrive by relying on non-drug activities .
the simplest ionic conduction path is to provide a liquid junction .	the simplest ionic conduction path are to provide a liquid junction .
the mayor conducts city meetings , normally the first thursday of each month , and votes only in case of a tie .	the mayor conduct city meetings , normally the first thursday of each month , and votes only in case of a tie .
although very different from sassoon 's style , his descriptions of the cricket match and its setting often reach an idyllic beauty that fits in well with the romantic nostalgia for village cricket during much of the 20th century .	although very different from sassoon 's style , his descriptions of the cricket match and its setting often reaches an idyllic beauty that fits in well with the romantic nostalgia for village cricket during much of the 20th century .
the subjects of computer security and identity theft are already well covered .	the subjects of computer security and identity theft is already well covered .
however any decisions made by the tribunal are subject to legal appeal , with the supreme court of new south wales being the ultimate body to make rulings on matters of law before the tribunal .	however any decisions made by the tribunal is subject to legal appeal , with the supreme court of new south wales being the ultimate body to make rulings on matters of law before the tribunal .
opponents of this kind of association attribute the scandals in the media in hong kong to the closer ties between the businesses and the communists ( of all shades ) .	opponents of this kind of association attributes the scandals in the media in hong kong to the closer ties between the businesses and the communists ( of all shades ) .
this photograph may be the only one of its kind , and documents that it could be accomplished , although the circumstances ( type of gun and ammunition used ) in which it occurred are unclear .	this photograph may be the only one of its kind , and documents that it could be accomplished , although the circumstances ( type of gun and ammunition used ) in which it occurred is unclear .
the characteristic that is common among all these individuals across both genders is low level of empathy .	the characteristic that is common among all these individuals across both genders are low level of empathy .
the glyphs , which form the centre piece of the park , are large whitewashed stones ( 16 , 000 of them ) , arranged on the side of the hill and represent the battalions numbers 137 , 113 , 151 , and 51 .	the glyphs , which form the centre piece of the park , is large whitewashed stones ( 16 , 000 of them ) , arranged on the side of the hill and represent the battalions numbers 137 , 113 , 151 , and 51 .
the launch schedule of memory alpha 's international versions is as follows - list should be converted to prose .	the launch schedule of memory alpha 's international versions are as follows - list should be converted to prose .
donald mitchell writes that mahler 's influence on succeeding generations of composers is `` a complete subject in itself '' .	donald mitchell writes that mahler 's influence on succeeding generations of composers are `` a complete subject in itself '' .
museums on this list have important holdings in american art ; although collections are also international .	museums on this list has important holdings in american art ; although collections are also international .
the main disadvantages of inventory management software are its cost and complexity .	the main disadvantages of inventory management software is its cost and complexity .
corporate education programs provide workforce and personal development opportunities in multiple locations throughout cabarrus and rowan counties .	corporate education programs provides workforce and personal development opportunities in multiple locations throughout cabarrus and rowan counties .
furthermore , an important feature that eliminates many other families of beetles is that clerids ' front coxae ( base of the leg ) expose the second segment of the legs known as the trochanter .	furthermore , an important feature that eliminates many other families of beetles are that clerids ' front coxae ( base of the leg ) expose the second segment of the legs known as the trochanter .
her duties , authority and method of election are similar to those of an abbott .	her duties , authority and method of election is similar to those of an abbott .
undesirable properties of helium as a breathing gas component include highly effective heat transfer , which can chill a diver rapidly , and a tendency to leak more easily and rapidly than other gases .	undesirable properties of helium as a breathing gas component includes highly effective heat transfer , which can chill a diver rapidly , and a tendency to leak more easily and rapidly than other gases .
such interpretations of difficulty are important in the study of provably secure cryptographic hash functions but do not usually have a strong connection to practical security .	such interpretations of difficulty is important in the study of provably secure cryptographic hash functions but do not usually have a strong connection to practical security .
list of awards and nominations received by oasis is a fantastic read .	list of awards and nominations received by oasis are a fantastic read .
the place also has a small shrine .	the place also have a small shrine .
the number of branches of mathematics is not constant .	the number of branches of mathematics are not constant .
substantial use of commercial off-the-shelf parts is part of the design of the vehicle , including a caterpillar drive train ( c18 diesel engine and an x300 series automatic transmission ) and excavator .	substantial use of commercial off-the-shelf parts are part of the design of the vehicle , including a caterpillar drive train ( c18 diesel engine and an x300 series automatic transmission ) and excavator .
i do n't think that , without knowing more , i can give you advice on what to do when you just generally feel attacked and think other people are wrong on an issue , but ca n't get them to listen to you .	i do n't think that , without knowing more , i can give you advice on what to do when you just generally feel attacked and think other people is wrong on an issue , but ca n't get them to listen to you .
the atmosphere in some of these articles is about as collegial as the battle of verdun .	the atmosphere in some of these articles are about as collegial as the battle of verdun .
dutch harbor ) which the vessel undergoes eight times a year all of which occur during the summer as winter weather becomes too dangerous .	dutch harbor ) which the vessel undergoes eight times a year all of which occurs during the summer as winter weather becomes too dangerous .
your concerns about the appropriateness of each individual fictional item are , i fear , but a salient in the great western front of inclusion vs exclusion .	your concerns about the appropriateness of each individual fictional item is , i fear , but a salient in the great western front of inclusion vs exclusion .
the people in charge of selling the food are volunteers from the jama'at , they announce what is on the plate and members of the jama'at put their hands up to buy it .	the people in charge of selling the food is volunteers from the jama'at , they announce what is on the plate and members of the jama'at put their hands up to buy it .
ignoring posts to his own talk page , i count about 5 , not 11 , though i agree he probably would have continued .	ignoring posts to his own talk page , i counts about 5 , not 11 , though i agree he probably would have continued .
in 2005 he commented , `` from the bottom of my heart , i hope that the utzon center will be a place where positive thoughts converge and where students from the school of architecture gather when they want to get together to discuss their ideas .	in 2005 he commented , `` from the bottom of my heart , i hope that the utzon center will be a place where positive thoughts converge and where students from the school of architecture gather when they wants to get together to discuss their ideas .
distilling the holdings of several supreme court cases , the tenth circuit formulated and applied a five-part test to determine whether specific jurisdiction is proper .	distilling the holdings of several supreme court cases , the tenth circuit formulated and applied a five-part test to determine whether specific jurisdiction are proper .
the songs on the album generally deal with love and relationships .	the songs on the album generally deals with love and relationships .
however , people who are over the age of 15 but under the age of 18 are still voluntarily able to take part in combat as soldiers .	however , people who are over the age of 15 but under the age of 18 is still voluntarily able to take part in combat as soldiers .
another group of structures includes a house , root cellar , and stone storage building .	another group of structures include a house , root cellar , and stone storage building .
if we were to merge lists , it would fail the stability criteria considering we would have to wait until the english versions come out until we have official information .	if we were to merge lists , it would fail the stability criteria considering we would have to wait until the english versions comes out until we have official information .
others , such as claude lévi-strauss ( who was influenced both by american cultural anthropology and by french durkheimian sociology ) , have argued that apparently similar patterns of development reflect fundamental similarities in the structure of human thought ( see structuralism ) .	others , such as claude lévi-strauss ( who was influenced both by american cultural anthropology and by french durkheimian sociology ) , have argued that apparently similar patterns of development reflects fundamental similarities in the structure of human thought ( see structuralism ) .
if careful inspection of a few edits indicates that the remainder are highly probably problematic as well , then it is simpler to not waste time on the banned user - valued contributors do not need to be spending hours cross checking every edit .	if careful inspection of a few edits indicate that the remainder are highly probably problematic as well , then it is simpler to not waste time on the banned user - valued contributors do not need to be spending hours cross checking every edit .
the idol is life size and has been carved from shaligram stone .	the idol are life size and has been carved from shaligram stone .
the primary avenues for image deletion or evaluation are speedy deletion , deletion debate , the possibly unfree files board and non-free content review .	the primary avenues for image deletion or evaluation is speedy deletion , deletion debate , the possibly unfree files board and non-free content review .
its four hospitals and one health and wellness facility provide a spectrum of care ranging from the latest medical technology to prayers at the bedside .	its four hospitals and one health and wellness facility provides a spectrum of care ranging from the latest medical technology to prayers at the bedside .
the so-called country has no inhabitants , its so-called diplomatic missions are all political publishers and the like , and its so-called territory is all claimed by australia .	the so-called country has no inhabitants , its so-called diplomatic missions is all political publishers and the like , and its so-called territory is all claimed by australia .
on the other hand , newcomers who experience a run of bad luck are more likely to suspect foul play when simple variance is the most likely cause .	on the other hand , newcomers who experience a run of bad luck is more likely to suspect foul play when simple variance is the most likely cause .
the square is to acquire a tram station in ( approximately ) 2014 when the new edinburgh trams are expected to come into operation .	the square are to acquire a tram station in ( approximately ) 2014 when the new edinburgh trams are expected to come into operation .
elements of the oral storytelling art form include visualization ( the seeing of images in the mind 's eye ) , and vocal and bodily gestures .	elements of the oral storytelling art form includes visualization ( the seeing of images in the mind 's eye ) , and vocal and bodily gestures .
this feature allows audio loops from popular libraries to be imported and used within mixcraft .	this feature allow audio loops from popular libraries to be imported and used within mixcraft .
egyptian films of the nation 's classic cinema period often depict all sorts of physical affection such as kisses and hugging , and said films receive frequent play on the state-owned egyptian television network .	egyptian films of the nation 's classic cinema period often depicts all sorts of physical affection such as kisses and hugging , and said films receive frequent play on the state-owned egyptian television network .
when food supplies by ship are not available , air-freighted deliveries have been known to sell out within hours .	when food supplies by ship is not available , air-freighted deliveries have been known to sell out within hours .
the first four or five years of a horse 's life are when the most growth-related changes occur and hence frequent checkups may prevent problems from developing .	the first four or five years of a horse 's life is when the most growth-related changes occur and hence frequent checkups may prevent problems from developing .
additional benefits of the carbon grid structure are that it is light , easy to handle , non-magnetic and easier to cut than steel .	additional benefits of the carbon grid structure is that it is light , easy to handle , non-magnetic and easier to cut than steel .
ap ] ] , [ [ corbis ] ] or [ [ getty images ] ] ) , unless the photo itself is the subject of sourced commentary in the article .	ap ] ] , [ [ corbis ] ] or [ [ getty images ] ] ) , unless the photo itself are the subject of sourced commentary in the article .
the derivatives of a function f at a point x provide polynomial approximations to that function near x .	the derivatives of a function f at a point x provides polynomial approximations to that function near x .
notability for being the first lady is still notability ; her role makes her a person of public interest .	notability for being the first lady is still notability ; her role make her a person of public interest .
the absence of large amplitude anomalies is a very strong indication that a margin is non-volcanic .	the absence of large amplitude anomalies are a very strong indication that a margin is non-volcanic .
when data are incomplete , some cells in this matrix are empty or missing , hence , the number mu of values assigned to unit u may vary .	when data are incomplete , some cells in this matrix is empty or missing , hence , the number mu of values assigned to unit u may vary .
the clones look identical to betty in every way , shape , and form , except for the eye colors , and are dressed in colour-coded mockups of the galactic guardian uniform .	the clones looks identical to betty in every way , shape , and form , except for the eye colors , and are dressed in colour-coded mockups of the galactic guardian uniform .
this area is also home to the american airlines maintenance facility , one of tulsa 's largest employers .	this area are also home to the american airlines maintenance facility , one of tulsa 's largest employers .
both components of the linguistic sign are inseparable .	both components of the linguistic sign is inseparable .
and the nyt article in the references -- with the others listed -- is certainly enough to shown notability .	and the nyt article in the references -- with the others listed -- are certainly enough to shown notability .
two episodes of the series , however , play in the syndication package of three 's company .	two episodes of the series , however , plays in the syndication package of three 's company .
when the board sets tight headcount constraints , managers downstream play games with `` outsourcing '' or `` contracting '' , dividing labor into two castes .	when the board set tight headcount constraints , managers downstream play games with `` outsourcing '' or `` contracting '' , dividing labor into two castes .
some stations on the eastern section of the central line are wheelchair accessible from here by changing at mile end .	some stations on the eastern section of the central line is wheelchair accessible from here by changing at mile end .
historically , the similarity of the accusative and genitive endings is coincidental .	historically , the similarity of the accusative and genitive endings are coincidental .
the sources in this article that talk about the game do so within the season it was played .	the sources in this article that talk about the game does so within the season it was played .
the parish register for burials and baptisms begins in 1626 , several years before oliver cromwell proposed the civil registration of births , deaths and marriages .	the parish register for burials and baptisms begin in 1626 , several years before oliver cromwell proposed the civil registration of births , deaths and marriages .
on the southern side of the road junction are the springs from which the community gets its name , being rare springs from which waters flow into the nearby barambah creek .	on the southern side of the road junction are the springs from which the community gets its name , being rare springs from which waters flows into the nearby barambah creek .
the dialect is a swedish language variety known as the dalbo-dialect .	the dialect are a swedish language variety known as the dalbo-dialect .
her father is a navy veteran of world war ii and served in the navy reserve during the korean war .	her father are a navy veteran of world war ii and served in the navy reserve during the korean war .
students in each degree program learn through a mix of independent study and structured course work , learn peer to peer or collaboratively with faculty , utilize a range of learning modalities , including face-to-face and via distributed education systems in courses , seminars and electronic mail .	students in each degree program learns through a mix of independent study and structured course work , learn peer to peer or collaboratively with faculty , utilize a range of learning modalities , including face-to-face and via distributed education systems in courses , seminars and electronic mail .
a game in which players can enforce contracts through third parties is a cooperative game .	a game in which players can enforce contracts through third parties are a cooperative game .
sock , i note that the list of legitimate exceptions is not exhaustive .	sock , i note that the list of legitimate exceptions are not exhaustive .
generally , countries that regulate passenger safety have child safety laws that require a child to be restrained appropriately depending on their age and weight .	generally , countries that regulate passenger safety has child safety laws that require a child to be restrained appropriately depending on their age and weight .
prominent members of society still speak the acrolectal queen 's english in formal situations including benjamin sheares , david marshall , harry lee kuan yew , lee siew chow , francis seow and other affluent descendants of the east coast communities .	prominent members of society still speaks the acrolectal queen 's english in formal situations including benjamin sheares , david marshall , harry lee kuan yew , lee siew chow , francis seow and other affluent descendants of the east coast communities .
the tabs that secure his bow in vehicle mode are 5mm wide , making it usable by other figures as well .	the tabs that secure his bow in vehicle mode is 5mm wide , making it usable by other figures as well .
they intergrade broadly where their ranges meet , from southeastern england in the past , the european stonechat was generally considered conspecific with the siberian stonechat and african stonechat , lumped together as common stonechat s .	they intergrade broadly where their ranges meets , from southeastern england in the past , the european stonechat was generally considered conspecific with the siberian stonechat and african stonechat , lumped together as common stonechat s .
if the format we choose for the new ones is good enough , it will eventually overtake whatever one finds in the older categories .	if the format we choose for the new ones are good enough , it will eventually overtake whatever one finds in the older categories .
israel issues , and its geographic distance from the conflict and lack of political clout make it a minor player in the peace process .	israel issues , and its geographic distance from the conflict and lack of political clout makes it a minor player in the peace process .
churari communities in the geographical proximity are in grajduri or in the northern side of vaslui ) .	churari communities in the geographical proximity is in grajduri or in the northern side of vaslui ) .
lastly , searches of web content for the case only find mirrors and a single book which is simply a bound edition of this article and others from wikipedia on this subject .	lastly , searches of web content for the case only finds mirrors and a single book which is simply a bound edition of this article and others from wikipedia on this subject .
the arrangement of the pyramids is a disputed representation of the orion constellation in the orion correlation theory .	the arrangement of the pyramids are a disputed representation of the orion constellation in the orion correlation theory .
because this plant is considered evil , they believe that only malicious , sinister shamans use it ; as such , much of its traditional use has been kept secret , so ethnographic reports on this plant are scarce .	because this plant is considered evil , they believe that only malicious , sinister shamans use it ; as such , much of its traditional use has been kept secret , so ethnographic reports on this plant is scarce .
the external links throughout the article , with a dedicated column for them , seem somewhat spammy .	the external links throughout the article , with a dedicated column for them , seems somewhat spammy .
pregnant nuns and drag dress are some of the tamer outfits .	pregnant nuns and drag dress is some of the tamer outfits .
in this case , while most editors agree that the vast majority of our film articles should be on the lower end of the importance spectrum , it is difficult to agree which films deserve this assessment .	in this case , while most editors agree that the vast majority of our film articles should be on the lower end of the importance spectrum , it is difficult to agree which films deserves this assessment .
in the first show , the twins accidentally drop the ship , but instead of breaking it flies into the air and reveals the four penguins are actually the crew of a real spaceship .	in the first show , the twins accidentally drops the ship , but instead of breaking it flies into the air and reveals the four penguins are actually the crew of a real spaceship .
evidence of these mats comes from the studies on microfacies and the fossils themselves .	evidence of these mats come from the studies on microfacies and the fossils themselves .
the meat becomes extremely tender and it is infused with spices and herbs before cooking to give it a very distinct taste .	the meat become extremely tender and it is infused with spices and herbs before cooking to give it a very distinct taste .
creator states that talks with literary agent are in progress , failing crystal .	creator states that talks with literary agent is in progress , failing crystal .
the state wide proposal was developed by the public safety radio system planning committee ( established by the 2002 minnesota legislature ) the original proposal scheduled completion of the network by 2011 but as of april 19 , 2010 the expected completion date is 2013 .	the state wide proposal was developed by the public safety radio system planning committee ( established by the 2002 minnesota legislature ) the original proposal scheduled completion of the network by 2011 but as of april 19 , 2010 the expected completion date are 2013 .
some parts of the body , particularly the head , are more prone to heat loss and insulation of these areas is correspondingly important .	some parts of the body , particularly the head , is more prone to heat loss and insulation of these areas is correspondingly important .
the mountainous terrain and geographic features of el hatillo have made it difficult to extend the caracas metro to southeast caracas , so the main transportation methods in the municipality are private vehicles and road public transportation .	the mountainous terrain and geographic features of el hatillo have made it difficult to extend the caracas metro to southeast caracas , so the main transportation methods in the municipality is private vehicles and road public transportation .
only has two references , both dating to its creation ; any company gets that press , and none has been seen since .	only has two references , both dating to its creation ; any company get that press , and none has been seen since .
such intentions against consensus are disruptive and fail to respect your fellow editors .	such intentions against consensus is disruptive and fail to respect your fellow editors .
the bus connects with the toronto bloor-danforth subway at dufferin station and the yonge-university-spadina line at wilson station .	the bus connect with the toronto bloor-danforth subway at dufferin station and the yonge-university-spadina line at wilson station .
the reduced planck constant is the quantum of angular momentum in quantum mechanics .	the reduced planck constant are the quantum of angular momentum in quantum mechanics .
the methods of education enacted by the proposition reflect the electorate 's support of assimilation over multiculturalism .	the methods of education enacted by the proposition reflects the electorate 's support of assimilation over multiculturalism .
plus , essays in project space are actually improperly so called , they are corporate works that are open to ammendment .	plus , essays in project space is actually improperly so called , they are corporate works that are open to ammendment .
the case established that the rights of a land owner over his land extend only to a height necessary for the ordinary use and enjoyment of his land .	the case established that the rights of a land owner over his land extends only to a height necessary for the ordinary use and enjoyment of his land .
good benchmarks for objectivity in the case of a player are his membership of one of wisden 's greatest player selections , such as wisden cricketers of the century or wisden leading cricketer in the world .	good benchmarks for objectivity in the case of a player is his membership of one of wisden 's greatest player selections , such as wisden cricketers of the century or wisden leading cricketer in the world .
the measurements of the fragment are 299 by 212 mm .	the measurements of the fragment is 299 by 212 mm .
the space controlled by the two factions is fairly evenly matched here .	the space controlled by the two factions are fairly evenly matched here .
no memory is the debut studio album by american indie rock band no .	no memory are the debut studio album by american indie rock band no .
the judicial branch manages the school court , where the students who violated the school regulation go every thursday .	the judicial branch manages the school court , where the students who violated the school regulation goes every thursday .
external affairseu foreign affairs , defence , and development policy are within the remit of sub-committee c .	external affairseu foreign affairs , defence , and development policy is within the remit of sub-committee c .
the firm 's major clients include citigroup , ubs , jp morgan , deutsche bank , morgan stanley , motorola , nokia , ikea , bhp billiton , wal-mart , nissan , northwest airlines as well as a number of local chinese companies .	the firm 's major clients includes citigroup , ubs , jp morgan , deutsche bank , morgan stanley , motorola , nokia , ikea , bhp billiton , wal-mart , nissan , northwest airlines as well as a number of local chinese companies .
also , note that sometimes references exist , but do nothing other than verify `` at local stadium x , dmb played ( review concert ) .	also , note that sometimes references exists , but do nothing other than verify `` at local stadium x , dmb played ( review concert ) .
thodendla pally ( thodendlapalli first name is thodindla palli lateron it was changed into thodendlapalli .	thodendla pally ( thodendlapalli first name are thodindla palli lateron it was changed into thodendlapalli .
for the lowest tones , only the thyroarytenoid muscles are active , but as the pitch rises , the cricothyroids enter the action , thus beginning to lengthen the folds .	for the lowest tones , only the thyroarytenoid muscles are active , but as the pitch rise , the cricothyroids enter the action , thus beginning to lengthen the folds .
this proposal is to add `` contents '' to the navigation menu on the sidebar , directly below `` main page '' , so that wikipedia 's table of contents is avaiable with one click regardless of where you are in the encyclopedia .	this proposal is to add `` contents '' to the navigation menu on the sidebar , directly below `` main page '' , so that wikipedia 's table of contents are avaiable with one click regardless of where you are in the encyclopedia .
all sources given for this language course are primary , and while google returns a number of download sites , i did n't find independent coverage .	all sources given for this language course is primary , and while google returns a number of download sites , i did n't find independent coverage .
its source is lac capimitchigama in quebec .	its source are lac capimitchigama in quebec .
matters of prose style are , of course , de gustibus .	matters of prose style is , of course , de gustibus .
the school catchment area is 4 .	the school catchment area are 4 .
stone inscriptions in the courtyard give the names of people who donated to the building effort .	stone inscriptions in the courtyard gives the names of people who donated to the building effort .
also , the neurons of the central nervous system are pretty much in place by adulthood .	also , the neurons of the central nervous system is pretty much in place by adulthood .
larger animals , such as wolf , bear and reindeer are today extinct .	larger animals , such as wolf , bear and reindeer is today extinct .
a match between these two teams is the biggest domestic-football clash in sierra leone .	a match between these two teams are the biggest domestic-football clash in sierra leone .
the intention is to maintain the academic and institutional distinction between scholars and commoners , while using the money saved in bursaries for those pupils least able to pay , scholars and commoners alike .	the intention are to maintain the academic and institutional distinction between scholars and commoners , while using the money saved in bursaries for those pupils least able to pay , scholars and commoners alike .
the object is to eliminate as many stars as possible before the stack of blocks reaches the top of the screen ; a hand raises up the set of blocks , introducing a new row .	the object is to eliminate as many stars as possible before the stack of blocks reach the top of the screen ; a hand raises up the set of blocks , introducing a new row .
thus the central and eastern parts of the cathedral are 12th century , while the tower and the central portal are in the flamboyant style .	thus the central and eastern parts of the cathedral is 12th century , while the tower and the central portal are in the flamboyant style .
this biographical article relating to sports is a stub .	this biographical article relating to sports are a stub .
dale `` the whale '' 's reasons for sharing part of the truth with monk also become clear .	dale `` the whale '' 's reasons for sharing part of the truth with monk also becomes clear .
a noted trend among some shooters is to use light loads to reduce recoil and improve their times .	a noted trend among some shooters are to use light loads to reduce recoil and improve their times .
his vast catalogue , where aforementioned traditional instruments figure profusely either solo or in various types of ensemble with or without western instruments , demonstrates large stylistic and formal diversity .	his vast catalogue , where aforementioned traditional instruments figure profusely either solo or in various types of ensemble with or without western instruments , demonstrate large stylistic and formal diversity .
the pores on the underside of the cap are wide , angular , and red or red-orange , while the tubes are deep .	the pores on the underside of the cap is wide , angular , and red or red-orange , while the tubes are deep .
one of the key debates in the passenger cases concerned the question whether the transport of free persons , as distinct from goods and slaves , is to be included or excluded from the concept of `` commerce '' for purposes of the commerce clause .	one of the key debates in the passenger cases concerned the question whether the transport of free persons , as distinct from goods and slaves , are to be included or excluded from the concept of `` commerce '' for purposes of the commerce clause .
the more information link led you to the brfa where the list of changes is available .	the more information link led you to the brfa where the list of changes are available .
religions analyzed in the work include scientology and the xenu mythology , as presented in the south park episode , trapped in the closet , which hanley discusses in comparison to elements of christianity and the virgin birth .	religions analyzed in the work includes scientology and the xenu mythology , as presented in the south park episode , trapped in the closet , which hanley discusses in comparison to elements of christianity and the virgin birth .
those students who complete the program offered by the studies in pastoral ministry department continue their education at wisconsin lutheran seminary in mequon , wisconsin .	those students who complete the program offered by the studies in pastoral ministry department continues their education at wisconsin lutheran seminary in mequon , wisconsin .
symptoms are , unlike promised , i 'm still getting the `` not submitted for review '' box on the proposed article .	symptoms is , unlike promised , i 'm still getting the `` not submitted for review '' box on the proposed article .
that question is not asked because our acquisitive and possessive qualities are a more innate aspect of who we are as creatures than our vaunted aversion to killing neighbors .	that question is not asked because our acquisitive and possessive qualities is a more innate aspect of who we are as creatures than our vaunted aversion to killing neighbors .
for example , some measures of ethnic identity development include measures of behaviors , such as eating ethnic food or participating in customs specific to an ethnic group .	for example , some measures of ethnic identity development includes measures of behaviors , such as eating ethnic food or participating in customs specific to an ethnic group .
the small white-petalled flowers of this member of the citrus family occur between june and november .	the small white-petalled flowers of this member of the citrus family occurs between june and november .
the link you claim demonstrates reliable sources is no such thing .	the link you claim demonstrates reliable sources are no such thing .
these related tribes include the konomihu , new river shasta and the okwanuchu tribes .	these related tribes includes the konomihu , new river shasta and the okwanuchu tribes .
the primary uses for machine vision are automatic inspection and industrial robot guidance .	the primary uses for machine vision is automatic inspection and industrial robot guidance .
the world leaders of the time , from left to right , are british prime minister john major , japanese prime minister toshiki kaifu , then-west german president ( and later president of a reunified germany ) richard von weizsäcker , soviet general secretary mikhail gorbachev , and u .	the world leaders of the time , from left to right , is british prime minister john major , japanese prime minister toshiki kaifu , then-west german president ( and later president of a reunified germany ) richard von weizsäcker , soviet general secretary mikhail gorbachev , and u .
the only sources which have been offered which conceivably might be thought to be significant coverage are are the french article and the book by hill , subramanian , and maiti .	the only sources which have been offered which conceivably might be thought to be significant coverage is are the french article and the book by hill , subramanian , and maiti .
article 11 creates a committee for environmental protection for the continent .	article 11 create a committee for environmental protection for the continent .
the only similarity is the fact that several characters in the book are real wrestlers in comic form .	the only similarity is the fact that several characters in the book is real wrestlers in comic form .
each state is a possibly step for the code execution and each transitions is the reception of a message to change between two steps .	each state are a possibly step for the code execution and each transitions is the reception of a message to change between two steps .
the reason for the relatively large numbers of casualties seems to have been ignorance as to the threat posed by aerial bombardment of a city in daylight .	the reason for the relatively large numbers of casualties seem to have been ignorance as to the threat posed by aerial bombardment of a city in daylight .
the article seems set for ga status .	the article seem set for ga status .
the question of what constitutes a latent defect went unresolved , as did the matter of whether liability for consequential damages has its foundations on breach or on delict .	the question of what constitutes a latent defect went unresolved , as did the matter of whether liability for consequential damages have its foundations on breach or on delict .
the purpose of pending changes is to allow anonymous editors to contribute to articles as an alternative to semi-protection .	the purpose of pending changes are to allow anonymous editors to contribute to articles as an alternative to semi-protection .
other earthquakes that have caused an extreme loss of life in the same decade include the 1923 great kantō earthquake , which killed 143 , 000 in tokyo in 1923 .	other earthquakes that have caused an extreme loss of life in the same decade includes the 1923 great kantō earthquake , which killed 143 , 000 in tokyo in 1923 .
standards of identity for food are the mandatory , federally set requirements that determine what a food product must contain to be marketed under a certain name in interstate commerce .	standards of identity for food is the mandatory , federally set requirements that determine what a food product must contain to be marketed under a certain name in interstate commerce .
twelve clubs currently participate in the kilkenny county championship .	twelve clubs currently participates in the kilkenny county championship .
the coat of arms shows the lion of the palatinate to the left .	the coat of arms show the lion of the palatinate to the left .
not all defendants convicted of a non-violent drug possession offense are eligible for probation and treatment under prop 36 .	not all defendants convicted of a non-violent drug possession offense is eligible for probation and treatment under prop 36 .
tradition has a whole series of bishops prior to him as is proved by a declaration of 1080 made in favour of the monastery of st .	tradition have a whole series of bishops prior to him as is proved by a declaration of 1080 made in favour of the monastery of st .
in the case that the variables a , b , c , and d are rational numbers , the identity may be interpreted as the statement that the norm in the field q ( i ) is multiplicative .	in the case that the variables a , b , c , and d is rational numbers , the identity may be interpreted as the statement that the norm in the field q ( i ) is multiplicative .
serial killers are not that common .	serial killers is not that common .
the fact that we have articles on lots of these sculptors is one of the things that reassures me that wikipedia is still going in the right direction in terms of gradual expansion into areas where you might not have expected articles a few years ago .	the fact that we have articles on lots of these sculptors are one of the things that reassures me that wikipedia is still going in the right direction in terms of gradual expansion into areas where you might not have expected articles a few years ago .
the action design is a self-loading , straight blowback operation , with right-side ejection .	the action design are a self-loading , straight blowback operation , with right-side ejection .
the requirements for graduation contain a tight schedule , with a necessary four full years of english and theology .	the requirements for graduation contains a tight schedule , with a necessary four full years of english and theology .
the windows in the lower floor of the house are venetian windows ; in the upper storey the windows are mullioned .	the windows in the lower floor of the house is venetian windows ; in the upper storey the windows are mullioned .
i can prove that , in the 3x3 case , the middle digits of the last column and last row much have the same parity .	i can prove that , in the 3x3 case , the middle digits of the last column and last row much has the same parity .
the lines of demarcation between science , magic , and religion all have origins dating to times when established thought processes were challenged .	the lines of demarcation between science , magic , and religion all has origins dating to times when established thought processes were challenged .
improvements , boldness , and feedback are more than welcome .	improvements , boldness , and feedback is more than welcome .
muffling the bass can be achieved with the same muffling techniques as the snare , but bass drums in a drum kit are more commonly muffled with pillows between the heads .	muffling the bass can be achieved with the same muffling techniques as the snare , but bass drums in a drum kit is more commonly muffled with pillows between the heads .
the campus is in the centre of glasgow so there is easy access to shops and entertainment facilities .	the campus are in the centre of glasgow so there is easy access to shops and entertainment facilities .
besides flavio 's love interest , supporting characters in the series include a boy sidekick and an old hermit-like adviser .	besides flavio 's love interest , supporting characters in the series includes a boy sidekick and an old hermit-like adviser .
acts of gallantry in the police service normally attract the george cross , george medal or queen 's gallantry medal .	acts of gallantry in the police service normally attracts the george cross , george medal or queen 's gallantry medal .
all three songs and the solo album tell the same basic story as the wizard of oz , only more urban , up-to-date , and personalized .	all three songs and the solo album tells the same basic story as the wizard of oz , only more urban , up-to-date , and personalized .
light bulbs used in the fixture on the wall over our garage door burn out ( by which i mean `` stop working '' ) far faster than bulbs used inside or in other outside fixtures .	light bulbs used in the fixture on the wall over our garage door burns out ( by which i mean `` stop working '' ) far faster than bulbs used inside or in other outside fixtures .
if possible , avoid transmitting when hostile sigint satellites or monitoring aircraft are overhead .	if possible , avoid transmitting when hostile sigint satellites or monitoring aircraft is overhead .
the number of registered full-time students is about 12000 and that of students in continuing education is about 1500 .	the number of registered full-time students are about 12000 and that of students in continuing education is about 1500 .
in standard axiomatic set theory , by the principle of extensionality , two sets are equal if they have the same elements ; therefore there can be only one set with no elements .	in standard axiomatic set theory , by the principle of extensionality , two sets is equal if they have the same elements ; therefore there can be only one set with no elements .
the idea that such users can be redeemed is meaningless if never given a chance .	the idea that such users can be redeemed are meaningless if never given a chance .
the largest villages on the atoll are roreti , tamaroa and taribo .	the largest villages on the atoll is roreti , tamaroa and taribo .
the only other annual event that gathers as many viewers is the uefa champions league final , which surpassed the super bowl xliii in 2009 to become the most watched that year .	the only other annual event that gathers as many viewers are the uefa champions league final , which surpassed the super bowl xliii in 2009 to become the most watched that year .
notable firearms that lack this feature include machine guns , the winchester model 1897 , the winchester model 12 , and ithaca 37 shotguns .	notable firearms that lack this feature includes machine guns , the winchester model 1897 , the winchester model 12 , and ithaca 37 shotguns .
policies related to trade facilitation and economic development reflect the idea that trade can be a powerful engine for accelerating economic growth , job creation , and poverty reduction .	policies related to trade facilitation and economic development reflects the idea that trade can be a powerful engine for accelerating economic growth , job creation , and poverty reduction .
the ensemble cast , who donated their services , includes some of south korea 's leading actors .	the ensemble cast , who donated their services , include some of south korea 's leading actors .
the large numbers and variety of bird life make the wetlands popular with bird watchers .	the large numbers and variety of bird life makes the wetlands popular with bird watchers .
trees propagated from seed or by sawing apart the base of a cluster are available in nurseries .	trees propagated from seed or by sawing apart the base of a cluster is available in nurseries .
the pirates are the last of the mlb teams to play a sunday home game , a 9-5 win over cincinnati .	the pirates is the last of the mlb teams to play a sunday home game , a 9-5 win over cincinnati .
most statin drugs , which block an enzyme pathway necessary for the body to produce cholesterol , also block the enzyme pathway by which the body naturally produces coenzyme q10 .	most statin drugs , which block an enzyme pathway necessary for the body to produce cholesterol , also blocks the enzyme pathway by which the body naturally produces coenzyme q10 .
when the vandalism is undone , the user reverts the edits .	when the vandalism is undone , the user revert the edits .
the measured properties of this star are very similar to those of the sun , making it a candidate solar twin .	the measured properties of this star is very similar to those of the sun , making it a candidate solar twin .
your point about indoor sports seems valid .	your point about indoor sports seem valid .
this period marks the weakening of regional empires and the strengthening of local powers such as the kingdom of israel ( samaria ) , kingdom of judah and the philistine city-states .	this period mark the weakening of regional empires and the strengthening of local powers such as the kingdom of israel ( samaria ) , kingdom of judah and the philistine city-states .
since convection acts to quickly mix the atmosphere and return to a stably stratified state , observations of decreasing potential temperature with height are uncommon , except while vigorous convection is underway or during periods of strong insolation .	since convection acts to quickly mix the atmosphere and return to a stably stratified state , observations of decreasing potential temperature with height is uncommon , except while vigorous convection is underway or during periods of strong insolation .
their discussions on the talk page are are more along the lines of stonewalling and disruption since , as can be seen from their edit histories , they have nothing to add to the article in any way .	their discussions on the talk page is are more along the lines of stonewalling and disruption since , as can be seen from their edit histories , they have nothing to add to the article in any way .
items use both present tense and past tense ; needs standardisation .	items uses both present tense and past tense ; needs standardisation .
however , the definitions in category theory are somewhat technical .	however , the definitions in category theory is somewhat technical .
the term for objects resembling other objects is simulacra .	the term for objects resembling other objects are simulacra .
he also suggests that one way of understanding digital natives is to look at how they use digital technologies to engage with their immediate environments and initiate processes of social and personal change .	he also suggests that one way of understanding digital natives are to look at how they use digital technologies to engage with their immediate environments and initiate processes of social and personal change .
the deletion project also appears to be consistent with this agenda-based editorial plan .	the deletion project also appear to be consistent with this agenda-based editorial plan .
the issues of equity ownership and control are an important element in defining what is indeed a minority owned media outlet .	the issues of equity ownership and control is an important element in defining what is indeed a minority owned media outlet .
integrate all the changes in training and club affiliation as they happen chronologically .	integrate all the changes in training and club affiliation as they happens chronologically .
the facility hosts harness racing , thoroughbred flat racing , steeplechase and hurdle races .	the facility host harness racing , thoroughbred flat racing , steeplechase and hurdle races .
other parts of the bridle are adjustable in length , though there are limits to adjustment and thus many manufacturers offer two to six different basic sizes .	other parts of the bridle is adjustable in length , though there are limits to adjustment and thus many manufacturers offer two to six different basic sizes .
sometimes the rocks are of many colors - white , gray , pink , and purple , with saffron tints '' marble canyon is the site of one of the last great proposed dam projects on the colorado .	sometimes the rocks is of many colors - white , gray , pink , and purple , with saffron tints '' marble canyon is the site of one of the last great proposed dam projects on the colorado .
the next three books on the list above are shorter , and are , to a substantial degree , condensations of the material in the summa perfectionis .	the next three books on the list above is shorter , and are , to a substantial degree , condensations of the material in the summa perfectionis .
it is not easy , and some approaches , such as spelling out every single detail , are ineffective or even harmful .	it is not easy , and some approaches , such as spelling out every single detail , is ineffective or even harmful .
the business still exists nowadays , although they now do mainly decorations .	the business still exist nowadays , although they now do mainly decorations .
the loss of basic needs providers emigrating from impoverished countries has a damaging effect .	the loss of basic needs providers emigrating from impoverished countries have a damaging effect .
carnival games have a poor reputation in some areas .	carnival games has a poor reputation in some areas .
the final step is when the highway ( or highways ) is approved for designation by the united states secretary of transportation .	the final step are when the highway ( or highways ) is approved for designation by the united states secretary of transportation .
essentially two forms of method exist in objective-c , the class ( `` static '' ) method , and the instance method .	essentially two forms of method exists in objective-c , the class ( `` static '' ) method , and the instance method .
loose tubes perform at the logan hall , london .	loose tubes performs at the logan hall , london .
only the little people pay taxes .	only the little people pays taxes .
the pdb format accordingly provides for description and annotation of protein and nucleic acid structures including atomic coordinates , observed sidechain rotamers , secondary structure assignments , as well as atomic connectivity .	the pdb format accordingly provide for description and annotation of protein and nucleic acid structures including atomic coordinates , observed sidechain rotamers , secondary structure assignments , as well as atomic connectivity .
reasons for the opposition to the mine include acid mine drainage , loss of kiwi , powelliphanta snail and tussock habitat , and climate change due to the burning of the extracted coal .	reasons for the opposition to the mine includes acid mine drainage , loss of kiwi , powelliphanta snail and tussock habitat , and climate change due to the burning of the extracted coal .
charts need not be geometric projections , and the number of charts is a matter of some choice .	charts need not be geometric projections , and the number of charts are a matter of some choice .
within cities , studies from across many countries ( mainly in the developed world ) have shown that denser urban areas with greater mixture of land use and better public transport tend to have lower car use than less dense suburban and ex-urban residential areas .	within cities , studies from across many countries ( mainly in the developed world ) have shown that denser urban areas with greater mixture of land use and better public transport tends to have lower car use than less dense suburban and ex-urban residential areas .
the ropes add to it , leave them in .	the ropes adds to it , leave them in .
such a mechanism only works effectively for exposures of several seconds or more and carries a considerable risk of inducing camera shake .	such a mechanism only work effectively for exposures of several seconds or more and carries a considerable risk of inducing camera shake .
i gather this means that even though i have never used sockpuppets , the fact that other editors happened to arrive voicing some similar concerns means that i may be treated just as though i had used sockpuppets .	i gather this means that even though i have never used sockpuppets , the fact that other editors happened to arrive voicing some similar concerns mean that i may be treated just as though i had used sockpuppets .
also , the shapes of the maxima and minima on the graph become less acute ( `` pointy '' ) so that they are curved to resemble the maxima and minima of a sine wave .	also , the shapes of the maxima and minima on the graph becomes less acute ( `` pointy '' ) so that they are curved to resemble the maxima and minima of a sine wave .
other concepts such as religion , soul , and god are all foreign to them .	other concepts such as religion , soul , and god is all foreign to them .
in astronomy , this technique is commonly referred to as integral field spectroscopy , and examples of this technique include flames on the very large telescope , but also the advanced ccd imaging spectrometer on chandra x-ray observatory uses this technique .	in astronomy , this technique is commonly referred to as integral field spectroscopy , and examples of this technique includes flames on the very large telescope , but also the advanced ccd imaging spectrometer on chandra x-ray observatory uses this technique .
it is unclear to what extent various measures of the shadow banking system include activities of regulated banks , such as bank borrowing in the repo market and the issuance of bank-sponsored asset-backed commercial paper .	it is unclear to what extent various measures of the shadow banking system includes activities of regulated banks , such as bank borrowing in the repo market and the issuance of bank-sponsored asset-backed commercial paper .
and the way the people who want the info out work make it impossible to fix these without getting quickly reverted and attacked .	and the way the people who want the info out work makes it impossible to fix these without getting quickly reverted and attacked .
parliamentary discussions on border security are rife with claims that foreign nationals are attempting to drain social grants and economic opportunities from citizens .	parliamentary discussions on border security is rife with claims that foreign nationals are attempting to drain social grants and economic opportunities from citizens .
plans are under-way for a separate factory to open in egypt later this year for lada production .	plans is under-way for a separate factory to open in egypt later this year for lada production .
the article is incomplete without the information that this class is named after the admiral .	the article are incomplete without the information that this class is named after the admiral .
a sunrise industry is one that is new or relatively new , is growing fast and is expected to become important in the future .	a sunrise industry are one that is new or relatively new , is growing fast and is expected to become important in the future .
the basic elements of a chemical battery are a pair of electrodes of different electrochemical properties and a liquid or moist paste electrolyte .	the basic elements of a chemical battery is a pair of electrodes of different electrochemical properties and a liquid or moist paste electrolyte .
the jianghuai dialect was present there since about a century , even though all the surrounding areas around the town are wu speaking .	the jianghuai dialect was present there since about a century , even though all the surrounding areas around the town is wu speaking .
the bronze angels on the balustrade are by girolamo campagna .	the bronze angels on the balustrade is by girolamo campagna .
for example , if there are four players left and three make their second miss in one round , the fourth advances to the championship round and the other three enter the tiebreaker .	for example , if there are four players left and three make their second miss in one round , the fourth advances to the championship round and the other three enters the tiebreaker .
some models ( mostly the police version ) have a wankel-type engine ( like the mazda rx-7 ) , though development of this engine has since stopped .	some models ( mostly the police version ) has a wankel-type engine ( like the mazda rx-7 ) , though development of this engine has since stopped .
for the visually impaired , these auditory cues become the primary substitute for visual information about the direction and distance of people and objects in their environment .	for the visually impaired , these auditory cues becomes the primary substitute for visual information about the direction and distance of people and objects in their environment .
while banská bystrica 's prosperity used to be derived from copper mining in the distant past , the most important sectors of the local economy are now tourism , timber , and mechanical industry .	while banská bystrica 's prosperity used to be derived from copper mining in the distant past , the most important sectors of the local economy is now tourism , timber , and mechanical industry .
on a side note , the part of the mos policy for living persons which states that the country of birth should not be included unless it is relevant to the person 's notability - i believe it is relevant because she became famous making american movies .	on a side note , the part of the mos policy for living persons which states that the country of birth should not be included unless it is relevant to the person 's notability - i believes it is relevant because she became famous making american movies .
however , on the whole , modifications of a game engine are a notable thing .	however , on the whole , modifications of a game engine is a notable thing .
the snout is also black and hairless , but the corners of the mouth have a white tint .	the snout is also black and hairless , but the corners of the mouth has a white tint .
harel , kenett and ruggeri , modeling web usability diagnostics on the basis of usage statistics the goals of usability assurance are to maximize the system utility ( usefulness ) and to minimize the operational risks .	harel , kenett and ruggeri , modeling web usability diagnostics on the basis of usage statistics the goals of usability assurance is to maximize the system utility ( usefulness ) and to minimize the operational risks .
while the production of pots and utensils is mexico 's signature pottery , ceramic floor and wall tiles consist of the bulk of mexico 's ceramic production , most of which is manufactured .	while the production of pots and utensils are mexico 's signature pottery , ceramic floor and wall tiles consist of the bulk of mexico 's ceramic production , most of which is manufactured .
i can only assume that the difference between the two cases is that one was mel etitis , and the other was me , which makes all the difference in the world .	i can only assume that the difference between the two cases are that one was mel etitis , and the other was me , which makes all the difference in the world .
i never stated that only the power companies publish these studies , i only stated that studies published by the power company ( almost ) always claim there is no measurable effect , or no noticeable effect on human health .	i never stated that only the power companies publish these studies , i only stated that studies published by the power company ( almost ) always claims there is no measurable effect , or no noticeable effect on human health .
the benefits of parental investment to the offspring are large and are associated with the effects on condition , growth , survival and ultimately , on reproductive success of the offspring .	the benefits of parental investment to the offspring is large and are associated with the effects on condition , growth , survival and ultimately , on reproductive success of the offspring .
the word shiba means `` brushwood '' in japanese , and refers to a type of tree or shrub whose leaves turn red in the fall .	the word shiba means `` brushwood '' in japanese , and refers to a type of tree or shrub whose leaves turns red in the fall .
however , the basic colors of the shell are very variable , as they range from melanic or chestnut red to albino .	however , the basic colors of the shell is very variable , as they range from melanic or chestnut red to albino .
tests on the thermal emission spectrometer indicate that it was undamaged , and the heaters would be enabled with sufficient power .	tests on the thermal emission spectrometer indicates that it was undamaged , and the heaters would be enabled with sufficient power .
lichtblau , eric ( 2003 -- 09-14 ) words as tactics in war on terror , new york times while terms such as suspect , target , and material witness have clear and sometimes formal definitions , person of interest remains undefined by the u .	lichtblau , eric ( 2003 -- 09-14 ) words as tactics in war on terror , new york times while terms such as suspect , target , and material witness has clear and sometimes formal definitions , person of interest remains undefined by the u .
i would switch my vote if it can be argued as to why this performance is historical or that something better could never be made today .	i would switch my vote if it can be argued as to why this performance are historical or that something better could never be made today .
the builders of the ship want to make contact with the federation , but only if kirk can pass a series of philosophical tests to prove his worth .	the builders of the ship wants to make contact with the federation , but only if kirk can pass a series of philosophical tests to prove his worth .
other achievements by the debate team include mmu 2006 champions ( english ) and sbp central zone champions ( english ) .	other achievements by the debate team includes mmu 2006 champions ( english ) and sbp central zone champions ( english ) .
some modern versions of the recipe include grated parmesan , pecorino or similar hard cheeses .	some modern versions of the recipe includes grated parmesan , pecorino or similar hard cheeses .
spencer , a talking head whose latest book is .	spencer , a talking head whose latest book are .
out-of-league play for patriot league schools is typically with members of the ivy league , which follow similar philosophies regarding academics and athletics .	out-of-league play for patriot league schools are typically with members of the ivy league , which follow similar philosophies regarding academics and athletics .
the difference between the two methods is that the qubit fluorometer uses fluorescent dyes to determine the concentration of nucleic acids and proteins in a sample .	the difference between the two methods are that the qubit fluorometer uses fluorescent dyes to determine the concentration of nucleic acids and proteins in a sample .
although the beard partly obscures his facial features , his lips , nose and forehead are no longer so large and coarse .	although the beard partly obscures his facial features , his lips , nose and forehead is no longer so large and coarse .
max roach quintet ; studio recordings documenting his time in the band are the albums clifford brown and max roach at basin street and sonny rollins plus 4 .	max roach quintet ; studio recordings documenting his time in the band is the albums clifford brown and max roach at basin street and sonny rollins plus 4 .
namlish speakers often use only the present continuous , or present progressive aspect of a verb at times when native english speakers would employ the present simple .	namlish speakers often uses only the present continuous , or present progressive aspect of a verb at times when native english speakers would employ the present simple .
bands that performed at the dance hall include duke ellington , count basie , and lionel hampton .	bands that performed at the dance hall includes duke ellington , count basie , and lionel hampton .
paragraphs at the start of this section are short and choppy .	paragraphs at the start of this section is short and choppy .
the deserts in the southern part of the state make it a prime location for westerns .	the deserts in the southern part of the state makes it a prime location for westerns .
most people who do not have access to quality living and modern security live in the east end , but this is only a small part of the population .	most people who do not have access to quality living and modern security lives in the east end , but this is only a small part of the population .
if the number of victims hit by several hunters is even , then the time it took each player to hunt down the last victim is taken into account .	if the number of victims hit by several hunters are even , then the time it took each player to hunt down the last victim is taken into account .
other spaces on level 2 include the photography gallery , special exhibit galleries , contemporary galleries , the haudenosaunee discovery room , the resource center reference library , a small theater ( which screens daily films ) , and the museum store .	other spaces on level 2 includes the photography gallery , special exhibit galleries , contemporary galleries , the haudenosaunee discovery room , the resource center reference library , a small theater ( which screens daily films ) , and the museum store .
senior wives teach junior wives how to operate the family ; granting financial security and ensuring that the children will never be orphaned .	senior wives teaches junior wives how to operate the family ; granting financial security and ensuring that the children will never be orphaned .
religious groups constituting less than 1 percent of the population include old catholics , other christian denominations , buddhists , hindus , and jews .	religious groups constituting less than 1 percent of the population includes old catholics , other christian denominations , buddhists , hindus , and jews .
this page appears to be little more than advertising .	this page appear to be little more than advertising .
need is the fourth studio album by christian rock artist todd agnew .	need are the fourth studio album by christian rock artist todd agnew .
the climatic conditions of this region also make it possible to cultivate subtropical crops such as sugarcane .	the climatic conditions of this region also makes it possible to cultivate subtropical crops such as sugarcane .
dexter is a towering , physically intimidating african-american inmate at the prison where the group takes residence .	dexter is a towering , physically intimidating african-american inmate at the prison where the group take residence .
things which receive multiple , independent , non-trivial , reliable source coverage are notable .	things which receive multiple , independent , non-trivial , reliable source coverage is notable .
other cities in the area declare their ability to get projects because of the lack of seattle process .	other cities in the area declares their ability to get projects because of the lack of seattle process .
therefore , as the random sequence progresses , it must recycle previous values .	therefore , as the random sequence progress , it must recycle previous values .
the problem with unreliable sources stems from the fact that few mainstream , high-brow scholars have dealt with naik .	the problem with unreliable sources stem from the fact that few mainstream , high-brow scholars have dealt with naik .
the study of these various classes of generalizations forms an active area of contemporary research .	the study of these various classes of generalizations form an active area of contemporary research .
the origins of the family name are uncertain but may come from the area named after st .	the origins of the family name is uncertain but may come from the area named after st .
the fact that some of her blocks have been overturned proves she is out of touch and is starting to think she owns the project .	the fact that some of her blocks have been overturned proves she are out of touch and is starting to think she owns the project .
portions of this law remain in effect , including section 13 , the so-called refuse act .	portions of this law remains in effect , including section 13 , the so-called refuse act .
hopefully the above sources work well enough .	hopefully the above sources works well enough .
soldiers from across the country bring their families and settle in copperas cove , often remaining after concluding their military service .	soldiers from across the country brings their families and settle in copperas cove , often remaining after concluding their military service .
i suggested that people who are part of the culture , honestly believe that they are merely reporting the truth .	i suggested that people who are part of the culture , honestly believes that they are merely reporting the truth .
each 11-disc pack ( 20 surfaces ) has a storage capacity of 29 megabytes ; maximum storage capacity with the largest version using a ninth drive as a spare ) is 233 , 400 , 000 bytes .	each 11-disc pack ( 20 surfaces ) have a storage capacity of 29 megabytes ; maximum storage capacity with the largest version using a ninth drive as a spare ) is 233 , 400 , 000 bytes .
while wikipedia allowed and has allowed the use of general references ( usually books and papers ) , the days where the use of such is acceptable for a high quality article are long past , and now we cite pages directly .	while wikipedia allowed and has allowed the use of general references ( usually books and papers ) , the days where the use of such is acceptable for a high quality article is long past , and now we cite pages directly .
the augmented sixth family of chords exhibits certain peculiarities .	the augmented sixth family of chords exhibit certain peculiarities .
the town hosts the goulburn valley vintage festival in march each year , and the shiraz challenge in november .	the town host the goulburn valley vintage festival in march each year , and the shiraz challenge in november .
the disadvantages of relying on so-called abstract nonsense are a certain blandness and abstraction in the sense of breaking away from the roots in concrete problems .	the disadvantages of relying on so-called abstract nonsense is a certain blandness and abstraction in the sense of breaking away from the roots in concrete problems .
the most fertile areas for roadway noise mitigation are in urban planning decisions , roadway design , noise barrier design , speed control , surface pavement selection and truck restrictions .	the most fertile areas for roadway noise mitigation is in urban planning decisions , roadway design , noise barrier design , speed control , surface pavement selection and truck restrictions .
featured article criteria of concern mentioned in the review section include referencing , comprehensiveness and due weight .	featured article criteria of concern mentioned in the review section includes referencing , comprehensiveness and due weight .
food and drug administration , who , royal college of obstetricians and gynaecologists , and other experts on emergency contraception state that there are no medical conditions in which progestin-only ecps are contraindicated .	food and drug administration , who , royal college of obstetricians and gynaecologists , and other experts on emergency contraception state that there is no medical conditions in which progestin-only ecps are contraindicated .
a major reason why lists are preferred in some cases over categories is the ability to annotate .	a major reason why lists are preferred in some cases over categories are the ability to annotate .
the key components of goal development include the development of a descriptive scenario , a normative scenario and transitive scenario .	the key components of goal development includes the development of a descriptive scenario , a normative scenario and transitive scenario .
sources mentioned on the article 's talk page are largely blogs as well .	sources mentioned on the article 's talk page is largely blogs as well .
methods that significantly enhance carbon sequestration in soil include no-till farming , residue mulching , cover cropping , and crop rotation , all of which are more widely used in organic farming than in conventional farming .	methods that significantly enhance carbon sequestration in soil includes no-till farming , residue mulching , cover cropping , and crop rotation , all of which are more widely used in organic farming than in conventional farming .
five songs from this album are acoustic reworking of the songs from their previous albums .	five songs from this album is acoustic reworking of the songs from their previous albums .
gestures serve to give structure to learning processes and pedagogical acts .	gestures serves to give structure to learning processes and pedagogical acts .
it encouraged research on hypnosis although pointing out that some aspects of hypnosis are unknown and controversial .	it encouraged research on hypnosis although pointing out that some aspects of hypnosis is unknown and controversial .
the major difference to customers is the up front cost .	the major difference to customers are the up front cost .
the five measures of the rate of surplus value mentioned do not all refer to the same thing exactly ( see further rate of exploitation and surplus product ) .	the five measures of the rate of surplus value mentioned does not all refer to the same thing exactly ( see further rate of exploitation and surplus product ) .
parts of the mountain , including the summit of stag hill , are now part of the ramapo mountain reservation and are publicly accessible .	parts of the mountain , including the summit of stag hill , is now part of the ramapo mountain reservation and are publicly accessible .
strict communal norms - regardless of the strict letter of the law , we have a policy that they can not be published on the open wiki .	strict communal norms - regardless of the strict letter of the law , we has a policy that they can not be published on the open wiki .
another focus of conservationists is on curtailing human activities that are detrimental to either marine ecosystems or species through policy , techniques such as fishing quotas , like those set up by the northwest atlantic fisheries organization , or laws such as those listed below .	another focus of conservationists are on curtailing human activities that are detrimental to either marine ecosystems or species through policy , techniques such as fishing quotas , like those set up by the northwest atlantic fisheries organization , or laws such as those listed below .
because of the nature of the state 's judicial retirement system , resignations near the end of a judge 's term are common if the judge is a member of the same political party as the sitting governor .	because of the nature of the state 's judicial retirement system , resignations near the end of a judge 's term is common if the judge is a member of the same political party as the sitting governor .
settlements in the area include cwmafan , pwyll-y-glaw and cymmer .	settlements in the area includes cwmafan , pwyll-y-glaw and cymmer .
as one of four administrators who were with you at a time when your alleged other account was editing , i feel myself rather involved in the controversy .	as one of four administrators who were with you at a time when your alleged other account was editing , i feels myself rather involved in the controversy .
the palms on the left and right side of the street are the same bitmap , but have been scaled to different sizes , creating the illusion that some are closer than others .	the palms on the left and right side of the street is the same bitmap , but have been scaled to different sizes , creating the illusion that some are closer than others .
the nearest inhabited places to this point are baker lake , nunavut well to the north , and arviat to the east .	the nearest inhabited places to this point is baker lake , nunavut well to the north , and arviat to the east .
in islamic schools and branches article 's lead there is a sentence sayingthere is a hadith which states `` differences of opinion in my community are a blessing '' .	in islamic schools and branches article 's lead there is a sentence sayingthere is a hadith which states `` differences of opinion in my community is a blessing '' .
all that remains of belle vue as of 2010 is the greyhound stadium and the snooker club ; the original gardens and amusement park are now an industrial and residential area .	all that remains of belle vue as of 2010 is the greyhound stadium and the snooker club ; the original gardens and amusement park is now an industrial and residential area .
he was lambasted in 1987 for telling african-american journalists that most crime in new york was committed by young black men and later told black ministers in reference to that remark , `` our little secret is out .	he was lambasted in 1987 for telling african-american journalists that most crime in new york was committed by young black men and later told black ministers in reference to that remark , `` our little secret are out .
blue sky labs will make several investments over the coming months , the first of which is skillzbase , where skills meet opportunity , and 98point2 , a new entrepreneurial blog .	blue sky labs will make several investments over the coming months , the first of which is skillzbase , where skills meets opportunity , and 98point2 , a new entrepreneurial blog .
print versions are also available in many libraries .	print versions is also available in many libraries .
variants of the name , for both male and female , include `` mandi '' , `` mandie '' and `` manda '' .	variants of the name , for both male and female , includes `` mandi '' , `` mandie '' and `` manda '' .
the town remains flooded by devotees for almost a week and lots of temporary shops occupy the road sides .	the town remain flooded by devotees for almost a week and lots of temporary shops occupy the road sides .
the tabs on the left are for navigating back and forth from talk to ( article or project or whatever ) .	the tabs on the left is for navigating back and forth from talk to ( article or project or whatever ) .
this applied capacity of the humanities is not itself a novel idea however the construct of the health humanities has only recently begun to emerge over the first decade of the 21st century .	this applied capacity of the humanities are not itself a novel idea however the construct of the health humanities has only recently begun to emerge over the first decade of the 21st century .
when spotted by the press , he emerged from a tank to quip that the `` operation is to expel nguyên khánh from the government '' .	when spotted by the press , he emerged from a tank to quip that the `` operation are to expel nguyên khánh from the government '' .
other varieties of concave moulding are the scotia and congé and other convex mouldings the echinus , the torus and the astragal .	other varieties of concave moulding is the scotia and congé and other convex mouldings the echinus , the torus and the astragal .
people who suffer from profound hearing loss are very hard of hearing and they mostly rely on lip-reading and sign language .	people who suffer from profound hearing loss is very hard of hearing and they mostly rely on lip-reading and sign language .
some songs in the stage show now differ from their respective recordings on the cast recording , more notably `` ( the legend of ) miss baltimore crabs '' and `` cooties '' .	some songs in the stage show now differs from their respective recordings on the cast recording , more notably `` ( the legend of ) miss baltimore crabs '' and `` cooties '' .
the exchange of players between the clubs has to this day been very successful .	the exchange of players between the clubs have to this day been very successful .
in addition to iss support deficiencies , alternative opportunities for a commercial cargo transport system exist .	in addition to iss support deficiencies , alternative opportunities for a commercial cargo transport system exists .
i think the continued open proxy abuse deserves a community ban or a very long block .	i think the continued open proxy abuse deserve a community ban or a very long block .
the characteristic substances inside the extracellular matrix of this kind of tissue are the collagen , elastin and ground substance .	the characteristic substances inside the extracellular matrix of this kind of tissue is the collagen , elastin and ground substance .
the human senses of sight and hearing have a very high dynamic range .	the human senses of sight and hearing has a very high dynamic range .
the image is a low resolution screenshot .	the image are a low resolution screenshot .
things like virtue , vice , moral , immoral , obligation , even self and other , are meaningless except within some context or framework , i think .	things like virtue , vice , moral , immoral , obligation , even self and other , is meaningless except within some context or framework , i think .
an important reason why singularities cause problems in mathematics is that , with a failure of manifold structure , the invocation of poincaré duality is also disallowed .	an important reason why singularities cause problems in mathematics are that , with a failure of manifold structure , the invocation of poincaré duality is also disallowed .
however , pieces of aluminum from the solid rocket fuel build up and seals the joint .	however , pieces of aluminum from the solid rocket fuel builds up and seals the joint .
buildings with all glass shell appear around the city , with the most prominent examples being the socar tower and flame towers .	buildings with all glass shell appears around the city , with the most prominent examples being the socar tower and flame towers .
shaktipat in august 1947 , so claims that he invented either the term or the process are demonstrably ill-founded .	shaktipat in august 1947 , so claims that he invented either the term or the process is demonstrably ill-founded .
blp concerns push this clearly onto the delete side .	blp concerns pushes this clearly onto the delete side .
however , allegations of misuse of a category are not of themselves a valid reason for deleting a category .	however , allegations of misuse of a category is not of themselves a valid reason for deleting a category .
residents of an apartment building living near a stairway , for example , tend to have more friends from other floors than those living further from the stairway .	residents of an apartment building living near a stairway , for example , tends to have more friends from other floors than those living further from the stairway .
i have blocked indef with an explanation , if only because other editors seem on the point of exploding out of sheer frustration .	i have blocked indef with an explanation , if only because other editors seems on the point of exploding out of sheer frustration .
other facilities operated by the health system include frostburg nursing and rehabilitation center , an 88-bed nursing home providing long term care located in frostburg , md .	other facilities operated by the health system includes frostburg nursing and rehabilitation center , an 88-bed nursing home providing long term care located in frostburg , md .
students who participate in the scholarship program are orphans , come from impoverished households or are in need of physical and rehabilitative support , and might not otherwise have opportunities to receive a regular education .	students who participate in the scholarship program is orphans , come from impoverished households or are in need of physical and rehabilitative support , and might not otherwise have opportunities to receive a regular education .
for native administration the qualities of scholarship and academic attainment are not to be prized so highly as the leadership of men .	for native administration the qualities of scholarship and academic attainment is not to be prized so highly as the leadership of men .
the figures on the left of the door represent the five foolish virgins while the ones on the right are the wise virgins .	the figures on the left of the door represents the five foolish virgins while the ones on the right are the wise virgins .
typical daily variations of field strength are about 25 nanoteslas ( nt ) ( i .	typical daily variations of field strength is about 25 nanoteslas ( nt ) ( i .
civil servants in the town are more likely to make this distinction between western and traditional clothes more than peasants .	civil servants in the town is more likely to make this distinction between western and traditional clothes more than peasants .
however , using dickens in his defense , he rebuts these accusations outright proclaiming that the last thing he seeks in his actors is , `` a stereotype .	however , using dickens in his defense , he rebuts these accusations outright proclaiming that the last thing he seeks in his actors are , `` a stereotype .
yeah , ok , call it second-guessing ; i think opinions and criticism are a good thing , so sue me .	yeah , ok , call it second-guessing ; i think opinions and criticism is a good thing , so sue me .
the pectoral fins and dorsal fin contain poisonous spines ; care should be used when handling this fish .	the pectoral fins and dorsal fin contains poisonous spines ; care should be used when handling this fish .
the refractive index is about 1 .	the refractive index are about 1 .
usual points of departure for a one day trip are zochova chata and kuchyňa .	usual points of departure for a one day trip is zochova chata and kuchyňa .
precise details of the design are unclear .	precise details of the design is unclear .
the present roll approaches 400 pupils .	the present roll approach 400 pupils .
arabic and hebrew letters are strongly directional ( right-to-left ) , but punctuation is neutral .	arabic and hebrew letters is strongly directional ( right-to-left ) , but punctuation is neutral .
parties travelling to the citadel overland are likely to encounter the warlock 's army , while parties that find an underground network of caves and passages to get there may experience several encounters along the way .	parties travelling to the citadel overland is likely to encounter the warlock 's army , while parties that find an underground network of caves and passages to get there may experience several encounters along the way .
the editor includes a real-time preview for viewing game assets , as well as testing , and debugging .	the editor include a real-time preview for viewing game assets , as well as testing , and debugging .
this use implicitly assumes that the true distribution , whatever it is , is inside the p-box .	this use implicitly assume that the true distribution , whatever it is , is inside the p-box .
delegates to the biennial convention elect the officers and directors , whose terms of office are for two years .	delegates to the biennial convention elect the officers and directors , whose terms of office is for two years .
members of a band who do not do anything of note outside of it are not in themselves notable .	members of a band who do not do anything of note outside of it is not in themselves notable .
merge to kirby , since some of the characters shown people sometimes use in chat rooms to show emotions or expressing themselves .	merge to kirby , since some of the characters shown people sometimes uses in chat rooms to show emotions or expressing themselves .
the last words spoken on the disc two portion of the album , during the song outside the wall are `` is n't this where '' .	the last words spoken on the disc two portion of the album , during the song outside the wall is `` is n't this where '' .
the crew person then proceeds to swim to the second buoy , trailing the rescue tube behind .	the crew person then proceed to swim to the second buoy , trailing the rescue tube behind .
even when the main joint is vibrated , the stress between the two nuts remains constant , thus holding the nut threads in constant contact with the bolt threads and preventing self-loosening .	even when the main joint is vibrated , the stress between the two nuts remain constant , thus holding the nut threads in constant contact with the bolt threads and preventing self-loosening .
the area is home to two secondary schools ; st margaret ward catholic school and arts college in little chell and james brindley science college in great chell , which was replaced by ormiston horizon academy in 2011 and will be moving into new buildings in 2013 .	the area are home to two secondary schools ; st margaret ward catholic school and arts college in little chell and james brindley science college in great chell , which was replaced by ormiston horizon academy in 2011 and will be moving into new buildings in 2013 .
guest stars in this episode include brett baer , katrina bowden , kevin brown , grizz chapman , john lutz , stephanie march , maulik pancholy , keith powell , and lonny ross .	guest stars in this episode includes brett baer , katrina bowden , kevin brown , grizz chapman , john lutz , stephanie march , maulik pancholy , keith powell , and lonny ross .
drivers for transformation include threats such as competitive pressures and the disruptive business models of players in other technologies affect the traditional business of the service providers .	drivers for transformation includes threats such as competitive pressures and the disruptive business models of players in other technologies affect the traditional business of the service providers .
the island 's cultural traditions of art , music and creative writing are all supported through the public education system .	the island 's cultural traditions of art , music and creative writing is all supported through the public education system .
the selection of winners is completely random , and it is emphasized that searching more often will not necessarily increase the odds of winning .	the selection of winners are completely random , and it is emphasized that searching more often will not necessarily increase the odds of winning .
bardon consists of professionals , more than double the national average , while the proportion of labourers is less than half the national average .	bardon consists of professionals , more than double the national average , while the proportion of labourers are less than half the national average .
the following tables give the hepburn romanization and an approximate ipa transcription for katakana as used in contemporary japanese .	the following tables gives the hepburn romanization and an approximate ipa transcription for katakana as used in contemporary japanese .
its name comes from the castle of the same name in the constituent community of the same name , where the german bell museum ( deutsches glockenmuseum ) is to be found , with about 50 bells showing the development of bell pouring .	its name come from the castle of the same name in the constituent community of the same name , where the german bell museum ( deutsches glockenmuseum ) is to be found , with about 50 bells showing the development of bell pouring .
further details of the plan for the area are available here .	further details of the plan for the area is available here .
however , in some cases , the natural and convenient way to represent certain concepts is to use relations to link an individual to more than just one individual or value .	however , in some cases , the natural and convenient way to represent certain concepts are to use relations to link an individual to more than just one individual or value .
other well known varieties of meat pie include british meat pies , french-canadian meat pie , and the australia and nz meat pie .	other well known varieties of meat pie includes british meat pies , french-canadian meat pie , and the australia and nz meat pie .
a book for young people who have brothers or sisters with autism needs a bunch more cleanup .	a book for young people who have brothers or sisters with autism need a bunch more cleanup .
the strength of ships is a topic of key interest to naval architects and shipbuilders .	the strength of ships are a topic of key interest to naval architects and shipbuilders .
his two main claims to fame are 1981 's raster blaster and 1983 's pinball construction set .	his two main claims to fame is 1981 's raster blaster and 1983 's pinball construction set .
the constant attempts to delete this page are nothing to do with notability but rather a mix of people with other agendas and people who think that notability is only established using a google search .	the constant attempts to delete this page is nothing to do with notability but rather a mix of people with other agendas and people who think that notability is only established using a google search .
the fleet of hybrid electric vehicles in the united states is the largest in the world , and cumulative sales of hybrid electric automobiles and suvs exceeded the 2 million mark in may 2011 .	the fleet of hybrid electric vehicles in the united states are the largest in the world , and cumulative sales of hybrid electric automobiles and suvs exceeded the 2 million mark in may 2011 .
although the chairman 's bureaucrats still need to grasp the nature of that contribution , we commend him on his fine gesture .	although the chairman 's bureaucrats still needs to grasp the nature of that contribution , we commend him on his fine gesture .
the typical range for conventional boilers is to vary the supply water temperature from as the outside temperature varies from .	the typical range for conventional boilers are to vary the supply water temperature from as the outside temperature varies from .
while the sections for region and period are relatively stable , the sections for thematic subject often change from year to year .	while the sections for region and period is relatively stable , the sections for thematic subject often change from year to year .
although the student decides what is to be accomplished throughout the course , similar to a contract , both the student and professor must come to an agreement .	although the student decide what is to be accomplished throughout the course , similar to a contract , both the student and professor must come to an agreement .
works of bamboo painting , usually in ink , are a recognized motif or subgenre of east asian painting .	works of bamboo painting , usually in ink , is a recognized motif or subgenre of east asian painting .
another way to fix the shortcomings is the development of new , modified aops that are efficient and economical .	another way to fix the shortcomings are the development of new , modified aops that are efficient and economical .
harding 's `` many accomplishments during his career illustrate the numerous ways in which he had impacted the lives of numerous people .	harding 's `` many accomplishments during his career illustrates the numerous ways in which he had impacted the lives of numerous people .
after the maneuver is complete the shuttle flew from the r-bar to the v-bar , a 90 degree angle change as seen from iss and then continued along the v-bar line to close in on the space station and eventually complete the docking .	after the maneuver are complete the shuttle flew from the r-bar to the v-bar , a 90 degree angle change as seen from iss and then continued along the v-bar line to close in on the space station and eventually complete the docking .
lug is a large robot whose main problem with scavenging for parts is that he can never find them in his size .	lug is a large robot whose main problem with scavenging for parts are that he can never find them in his size .
evidence-based medicine is a deliberate effort to acknowledge expert opinion ( conventional wisdom ) and how it coexists with scientific data .	evidence-based medicine are a deliberate effort to acknowledge expert opinion ( conventional wisdom ) and how it coexists with scientific data .
sangsaeng is necessary because governing principles in early heaven ( cosmic spring , summer ) and later heaven ( cosmic autumn , winter ) are different .	sangsaeng is necessary because governing principles in early heaven ( cosmic spring , summer ) and later heaven ( cosmic autumn , winter ) is different .
if the offices of president and vice president both are either vacant or have a disabled holder of that office , the next officer in the presidential line of succession , the speaker of the house , becomes acting president .	if the offices of president and vice president both is either vacant or have a disabled holder of that office , the next officer in the presidential line of succession , the speaker of the house , becomes acting president .
finite groups of lie type give the bulk of nonabelian finite simple groups .	finite groups of lie type gives the bulk of nonabelian finite simple groups .
rates of groundwater recharge are difficult to quantify , since other related processes , such as evaporation , transpiration ( or evapotranspiration ) and infiltration processes must first be measured or estimated to determine the balance .	rates of groundwater recharge is difficult to quantify , since other related processes , such as evaporation , transpiration ( or evapotranspiration ) and infiltration processes must first be measured or estimated to determine the balance .
the second group of symphonic poems comprises five works .	the second group of symphonic poems comprise five works .
the proportion of students with learning difficulties or disabilities is above the national average .	the proportion of students with learning difficulties or disabilities are above the national average .
other than this , the colours seen around the sun ( if in fact it was the sun ) seem to be some form of intense cloud iridescence , irisation , corona or a combination of these and other optical phenomena .	other than this , the colours seen around the sun ( if in fact it was the sun ) seems to be some form of intense cloud iridescence , irisation , corona or a combination of these and other optical phenomena .
this category is for baseball at concordia university in moorhead , minnesota .	this category are for baseball at concordia university in moorhead , minnesota .
the lagoon is the largest wetland in the mediterranean basin .	the lagoon are the largest wetland in the mediterranean basin .
the list is certainly not complete .	the list are certainly not complete .
the marriage of the children provides a key focus , as do challenges to the supreme authority of the family 's patriarch .	the marriage of the children provide a key focus , as do challenges to the supreme authority of the family 's patriarch .
the benefits derived from the reservoir storage are irrigation with gross irrigation potential of , hydro power generation of 39 .	the benefits derived from the reservoir storage is irrigation with gross irrigation potential of , hydro power generation of 39 .
its slight story tells of the announcement to a group of egyptian shepherds of the birth of the god osiris , who symbolises the baby prince .	its slight story tell of the announcement to a group of egyptian shepherds of the birth of the god osiris , who symbolises the baby prince .
several pictures of the site , including aerial photographs do exist and are available on the internet by undertaking a simple image search on google .	several pictures of the site , including aerial photographs does exist and are available on the internet by undertaking a simple image search on google .
chinese subjects have diacritics in categories such as chinese people stubs .	chinese subjects has diacritics in categories such as chinese people stubs .
keefe gives two reasons why individuals who operate under this design logic are very literal when it comes to impression in message design and interpretation .	keefe gives two reasons why individuals who operate under this design logic is very literal when it comes to impression in message design and interpretation .
the show features actual footages of raids , rescue operations of emergency response teams , on-site accidents , and numerous other life-threatening situations .	the show feature actual footages of raids , rescue operations of emergency response teams , on-site accidents , and numerous other life-threatening situations .
these figures for temperature and density are only a guide .	these figures for temperature and density is only a guide .
the participants in the round vary as well , but usually include all housestaff , the attending physicians on service , the chief medical resident , and other attendees .	the participants in the round vary as well , but usually includes all housestaff , the attending physicians on service , the chief medical resident , and other attendees .
any corrections regarding grammar and organization are most welcome to any of these articles .	any corrections regarding grammar and organization is most welcome to any of these articles .
i agree with some of the other reviewers here ; some areas of this article are well-done but some are not .	i agree with some of the other reviewers here ; some areas of this article is well-done but some are not .
the lyrics of the song are a metaphor for fashion and sex .	the lyrics of the song is a metaphor for fashion and sex .
the commemorative plaque is on display complete with its pre-constitutional spanish flag that flew with the apollo 17 mission to the moon and back .	the commemorative plaque are on display complete with its pre-constitutional spanish flag that flew with the apollo 17 mission to the moon and back .
the oral glands , which are closely associated with the pharynx and contained in the oral tube , and the stomach have undergone modifications .	the oral glands , which are closely associated with the pharynx and contained in the oral tube , and the stomach has undergone modifications .
towns included are pilot mound and manitou , in addition to the village of crystal city .	towns included is pilot mound and manitou , in addition to the village of crystal city .
many medicinal chemists , particularly in academia and research , also earn a pharm .	many medicinal chemists , particularly in academia and research , also earns a pharm .
the book claims that the voyagers crossed the north atlantic to greenland .	the book claim that the voyagers crossed the north atlantic to greenland .
in 1980 , a study by torey hayden identified what she called four `` subtypes '' of elective mutism , although this set of subtypes is not in current diagnostic use .	in 1980 , a study by torey hayden identified what she called four `` subtypes '' of elective mutism , although this set of subtypes are not in current diagnostic use .
ockeghem 's solution is to write cadences that today would be called plagal cadences .	ockeghem 's solution are to write cadences that today would be called plagal cadences .
my page seems to have been deleted .	my page seem to have been deleted .
hence , an article that could potentially describe hundreds of millions of people has to be pegged to a higher standard .	hence , an article that could potentially describe hundreds of millions of people have to be pegged to a higher standard .
after overwintering as prepupae in the soil below the tree , the adults emerge just as the birch trees are leafed out .	after overwintering as prepupae in the soil below the tree , the adults emerges just as the birch trees are leafed out .
philippe 's wedding , and then falls dead .	philippe 's wedding , and then fall dead .
the floors in the house are of white pine boards , wide .	the floors in the house is of white pine boards , wide .
the vast lush green fields and the serene landscape make this an ideal peace lovers paradise .	the vast lush green fields and the serene landscape makes this an ideal peace lovers paradise .
a national study uncovered that low socio-economic status students who participate in service learning or community service have better grades , better attendance , and feel more bonded to school than their peers .	a national study uncovered that low socio-economic status students who participate in service learning or community service has better grades , better attendance , and feel more bonded to school than their peers .
this pwm signal is sometimes ( incorrectly ) called pulse position modulation ( ppm ) ( e .	this pwm signal are sometimes ( incorrectly ) called pulse position modulation ( ppm ) ( e .
the sheltered courtyard space within the four main columns provides a large open space for waiting crowds .	the sheltered courtyard space within the four main columns provide a large open space for waiting crowds .
accusations of sock puppetry from this person are humourous at best .	accusations of sock puppetry from this person is humourous at best .
parties in opposition receive money from taxpayers to cover administration costs - see short money and cranborne money .	parties in opposition receives money from taxpayers to cover administration costs - see short money and cranborne money .
for a few seconds after the cessation of the scratch , the neural networks involved in the generation of the scratch reflex remain in a state of heightened sensitivity .	for a few seconds after the cessation of the scratch , the neural networks involved in the generation of the scratch reflex remains in a state of heightened sensitivity .
the cathedral contains the remains of two bishops .	the cathedral contain the remains of two bishops .
but since 1959 the castro regime claims that discrimination against cubans of haitian descent has stopped .	but since 1959 the castro regime claim that discrimination against cubans of haitian descent has stopped .
other notable teachers at the center include guy anderson and clyfford still .	other notable teachers at the center includes guy anderson and clyfford still .
bongwater had two major college radio hits , `` the power of pussy '' and the marathon-length `` folk song '' and some college radio chart success .	bongwater had two major college radio hit , `` the power of pussy '' and the marathon-length `` folk song '' and some college radio chart success .
the dog runs into tina 's room as ruth , still in the room , watches him go under the bed .	the dog run into tina 's room as ruth , still in the room , watches him go under the bed .
its shiny leaves are dark green above , paler below .	its shiny leaves is dark green above , paler below .
details of her life outside of the music industry are scanty .	details of her life outside of the music industry is scanty .
athletes that play at the highest level in their sport are notable .	athletes that play at the highest level in their sport is notable .
guest musicians on the 2007 album include natalie merchant , ryan adams and vic chesnutt .	guest musicians on the 2007 album includes natalie merchant , ryan adams and vic chesnutt .
several smaller tributaries provide the watershed with sources of water , but the local population is supported by dam located three kilometres from presandães , which receives in its reservoir the waters from many of the small ravines .	several smaller tributaries provides the watershed with sources of water , but the local population is supported by dam located three kilometres from presandães , which receives in its reservoir the waters from many of the small ravines .
the two women kiss , before nikki fades away into the light along .	the two women kisses , before nikki fades away into the light along .
suspension of the rules in the united states congress is the specific set of procedures within the united states congress that allows for the general parliamentary procedure notion of how and when to suspend the rules .	suspension of the rules in the united states congress are the specific set of procedures within the united states congress that allows for the general parliamentary procedure notion of how and when to suspend the rules .
as an apex predator positioned at the highest level of the trophic web , the dusky shark is generally less abundant than other sharks that share its range .	as an apex predator positioned at the highest level of the trophic web , the dusky shark are generally less abundant than other sharks that share its range .
specifically , the initial 9-point advantage of white students over black students increases by about a point , and the initial advantage of asian students over white students also increases by about a point .	specifically , the initial 9-point advantage of white students over black students increase by about a point , and the initial advantage of asian students over white students also increases by about a point .
church asks freddy to investigate a burglary and a ghost in her house .	church ask freddy to investigate a burglary and a ghost in her house .
new details released at the time of the plea agreement show that there were likely more than the aforementioned three people who were involved in the plot .	new details released at the time of the plea agreement shows that there were likely more than the aforementioned three people who were involved in the plot .
the proportion of people under 15 is 25 .	the proportion of people under 15 are 25 .
the festival features home-made explosives , rockets , jet-powered vehicles , and other pyrotechnics , with the intention of emphasizing the fun aspect of physics .	the festival feature home-made explosives , rockets , jet-powered vehicles , and other pyrotechnics , with the intention of emphasizing the fun aspect of physics .
a change of scenery is an album by the maryland-based progressive bluegrass band the seldom scene .	a change of scenery are an album by the maryland-based progressive bluegrass band the seldom scene .
softball 's governing body for men and women is the softball federation .	softball 's governing body for men and women are the softball federation .
the zone of ideas itself is a part of consciousness , and consists of energy .	the zone of ideas itself are a part of consciousness , and consists of energy .
the ways stress manifests itself in the speech stream are highly language-dependent .	the ways stress manifests itself in the speech stream is highly language-dependent .
for example , almost all environmental problems , from chemical pollution to global warming , are the unexpected consequences of the application of modern technologies .	for example , almost all environmental problems , from chemical pollution to global warming , is the unexpected consequences of the application of modern technologies .
yellow background indicates tie ( 1 point ) .	yellow background indicate tie ( 1 point ) .
navbox '' to appear before the navbox , but my attempt to fix both problems seems to have just made a mess .	navbox '' to appear before the navbox , but my attempt to fix both problems seem to have just made a mess .
rider adds , `` mathieson 's documentary , with its close-ups of the musicians and their instruments , beautifully captures the vibrancy and texture of the orchestra amidst the optimism of the post-second world war era .	rider adds , `` mathieson 's documentary , with its close-ups of the musicians and their instruments , beautifully capture the vibrancy and texture of the orchestra amidst the optimism of the post-second world war era .
researchers in agricultural soil science also seek ways to use the soil more effectively in addressing associated challenges .	researchers in agricultural soil science also seeks ways to use the soil more effectively in addressing associated challenges .
the fate of several colonies remains unknown .	the fate of several colonies remain unknown .
the words on the inside front and rear cover are hebrew names used as inscriptions on `` the brazen vessel '' which is `` a brass vessel with an inscription around it to raise it from a mundane object into a magikal tool .	the words on the inside front and rear cover is hebrew names used as inscriptions on `` the brazen vessel '' which is `` a brass vessel with an inscription around it to raise it from a mundane object into a magikal tool .
other novels in the series follow additional assassins and their journeys for revenge or victory .	other novels in the series follows additional assassins and their journeys for revenge or victory .
submarines by this rule are ships rather than boats , but are customarily referred to as boats reflecting their previous smaller size .	submarines by this rule is ships rather than boats , but are customarily referred to as boats reflecting their previous smaller size .
his travels about the city , which has been his home on and off since the age of 2 , certainly do much more than scratch the surface .	his travels about the city , which has been his home on and off since the age of 2 , certainly does much more than scratch the surface .
the building features glass hydraulic elevators that are the tallest in the world .	the building feature glass hydraulic elevators that are the tallest in the world .
estimates of the death toll vary widely .	estimates of the death toll varies widely .
celebrities who say they have had success with his treatment include billy joel , drew barrymore , david arquette , courteney cox arquette , and amy tan .	celebrities who say they have had success with his treatment includes billy joel , drew barrymore , david arquette , courteney cox arquette , and amy tan .
stars that exhibit change in luminosity are variable stars .	stars that exhibit change in luminosity is variable stars .
two major parks run by the park district are veterans acres , along walkup road , and main beach , along the namesake crystal lake .	two major parks run by the park district is veterans acres , along walkup road , and main beach , along the namesake crystal lake .
standards for the digital video frame raster include rec .	standards for the digital video frame raster includes rec .
this image is no longer used and can be deleted .	this image are no longer used and can be deleted .
the gas turbine propulsion plant , with all electric auxiliaries , is a program first for large deck amphibious assault ships and provides significant savings in manpower and maintenance costs associated with traditional steam-powered amphibious ships .	the gas turbine propulsion plant , with all electric auxiliaries , are a program first for large deck amphibious assault ships and provides significant savings in manpower and maintenance costs associated with traditional steam-powered amphibious ships .
as with mortgages , deeds of trust are subject to the rule `` first in time , first in right , '' meaning that the beneficiary of the first recorded deed of trust may foreclose and wipe out all junior deeds of trust recorded later in time .	as with mortgages , deeds of trust is subject to the rule `` first in time , first in right , '' meaning that the beneficiary of the first recorded deed of trust may foreclose and wipe out all junior deeds of trust recorded later in time .
a judicial row periodically continues over the naval hydrographic infrastructure both in sevastopol and on the crimean coast ( especially lighthouses historically maintained by the soviet or russian navy and also used for civil navigation support ) .	a judicial row periodically continue over the naval hydrographic infrastructure both in sevastopol and on the crimean coast ( especially lighthouses historically maintained by the soviet or russian navy and also used for civil navigation support ) .
new members to the project ( since the last issue , which was a long time ago ) include a lot of names , which can be found here .	new members to the project ( since the last issue , which was a long time ago ) includes a lot of names , which can be found here .
singers in the house band for season 2 include nilusha baeder , lucy holmes , kelly wolfgramm , andrew de silva and judd field .	singers in the house band for season 2 includes nilusha baeder , lucy holmes , kelly wolfgramm , andrew de silva and judd field .
the only effects of infection that will be evident to the computer user are that files and folders may be hidden from view .	the only effects of infection that will be evident to the computer user is that files and folders may be hidden from view .
his weapons of choice are various wrenches , hammers and hand-held guns .	his weapons of choice is various wrenches , hammers and hand-held guns .
the computers behind the router , on the other hand , are invisible to hosts on the internet as they each communicate only with a private ip address .	the computers behind the router , on the other hand , is invisible to hosts on the internet as they each communicate only with a private ip address .
william holder , for whom the holdrian comma is named , favored this latter unit because the intervals of 53 equal temperament are closer to just intonation than that of 55 .	william holder , for whom the holdrian comma is named , favored this latter unit because the intervals of 53 equal temperament is closer to just intonation than that of 55 .
they call them cyclones in the western pacific , but the difference is merely semantical .	they call them cyclones in the western pacific , but the difference are merely semantical .
the purpose of the requirements to recognize and report extraordinary assumptions is to allow the client and third party users of the report to assess the veracity or likelihood of the extraordinary assumption and relate that to the reliability of the assignment results .	the purpose of the requirements to recognize and report extraordinary assumptions are to allow the client and third party users of the report to assess the veracity or likelihood of the extraordinary assumption and relate that to the reliability of the assignment results .
bracketed quantities such as [ base ] and [ acid ] denote the molar concentration of the quantity enclosed .	bracketed quantities such as [ base ] and [ acid ] denotes the molar concentration of the quantity enclosed .
other bodies of water located in the township include richardet lake and the whitewater river .	other bodies of water located in the township includes richardet lake and the whitewater river .
the city coat of arms features a bull moose ; maple leaves ; a `` magneto '' , representative of electricity ( industry ) ; two men in a canoe ; a white pine tree ; and the motto `` industry and perseverance .	the city coat of arms feature a bull moose ; maple leaves ; a `` magneto '' , representative of electricity ( industry ) ; two men in a canoe ; a white pine tree ; and the motto `` industry and perseverance .
these effects of the urban forest on ozone production have only recently been discovered by the scientific community , so extensive and conclusive research has not yet been conducted .	these effects of the urban forest on ozone production has only recently been discovered by the scientific community , so extensive and conclusive research has not yet been conducted .
the number of malformations among frogs is on the rise and an emerging fungal disease , chytridiomycosis , has spread around the world .	the number of malformations among frogs are on the rise and an emerging fungal disease , chytridiomycosis , has spread around the world .
model changes for the e series 3 are minimal .	model changes for the e series 3 is minimal .
these roots grow up into a jazz foundation that 's built firmly upon the likes of duke ellington , john coltrane , and thelonious monk .	these roots grows up into a jazz foundation that 's built firmly upon the likes of duke ellington , john coltrane , and thelonious monk .
references to the name after this date include one to thomas scarysbrig , doctor of divinity registered at the university of oxford in 1508 , and one to the marriage of anthony scarisbrick , mercer of london , to jane glascocke in 1615 .	references to the name after this date includes one to thomas scarysbrig , doctor of divinity registered at the university of oxford in 1508 , and one to the marriage of anthony scarisbrick , mercer of london , to jane glascocke in 1615 .
the sleeve notes and front cover title are a reproduction of sky 's own handwriting , notable especially for his misspelling the word forward as foreward [ sic ] , though the standard spelling is found on the two sticker labels of the lp itself .	the sleeve notes and front cover title is a reproduction of sky 's own handwriting , notable especially for his misspelling the word forward as foreward [ sic ] , though the standard spelling is found on the two sticker labels of the lp itself .
in vishniac ( 1994 ) he then demonstrated that a thin-enough slab bounded by shocks on both sides is subject to a nonlinear instability , usually described as a nonlinear thin shell instability ( ntsi ) .	in vishniac ( 1994 ) he then demonstrated that a thin-enough slab bounded by shocks on both sides are subject to a nonlinear instability , usually described as a nonlinear thin shell instability ( ntsi ) .
clearly a genealogical listing , the article makes no attempt to do anything other than state family and date and place of birth .	clearly a genealogical listing , the article make no attempt to do anything other than state family and date and place of birth .
plants such as mountain laurel are common within the forest , and diverse wildlife is abundant .	plants such as mountain laurel is common within the forest , and diverse wildlife is abundant .
in these areas , the high plains are usually sandy , rolling plains with normal , branching drainage , not flat surfaces without continuous streams .	in these areas , the high plains is usually sandy , rolling plains with normal , branching drainage , not flat surfaces without continuous streams .
in the playoffs , the club would dispatch the defending champion kansas city wizards in three games , 6 points to 3 for their first playoff series win .	in the playoffs , the club would dispatch the defending champion kansas city wizards in three games , 6 points to 3 for their first playoff series wins .
just before the correct answer is revealed , the host invites the children to `` runaround .	just before the correct answer is revealed , the host invite the children to `` runaround .
the main competition for men 's national teams is the uefa european football championship , started in 1958 , with the first finals in 1960 , and known as the european nations cup until 1964 .	the main competition for men 's national teams are the uefa european football championship , started in 1958 , with the first finals in 1960 , and known as the european nations cup until 1964 .
z , and the kernel of reducing modulo 2 is also 2z , so the sequence is exact at the second z .	z , and the kernel of reducing modulo 2 is also 2z , so the sequence are exact at the second z .
examples of this citizenship responsibility dimension include attending non-required meetings , sharing opinions and new ideas with others in the organization , and a willingness to deliver bad news or support and unpopular view to combat groupthink ( graham , 1991 ) .	examples of this citizenship responsibility dimension includes attending non-required meetings , sharing opinions and new ideas with others in the organization , and a willingness to deliver bad news or support and unpopular view to combat groupthink ( graham , 1991 ) .
astute targeting skills and cannon fire timing are essential in this mode .	astute targeting skills and cannon fire timing is essential in this mode .
the goal in all of these cases of trees with unusual forms is to document their characteristics .	the goal in all of these cases of trees with unusual forms are to document their characteristics .
whenever χ ( r ) is used to model a step discontinuity at the boundary between two regions , the step produces a surface charge layer .	whenever χ ( r ) is used to model a step discontinuity at the boundary between two regions , the step produce a surface charge layer .
the main partners in the field of international tourism are countries of the former soviet union , germany , poland , united kingdom , turkey , czech republic , slovakia , bulgaria , sweden , and the netherlands .	the main partners in the field of international tourism is countries of the former soviet union , germany , poland , united kingdom , turkey , czech republic , slovakia , bulgaria , sweden , and the netherlands .
arguments in support of an article on emission theory are not relevant to a discussion of whether the article on false doppler should be deleted .	arguments in support of an article on emission theory is not relevant to a discussion of whether the article on false doppler should be deleted .
concepts like criticism of government and criticism of royalty are controversial .	concepts like criticism of government and criticism of royalty is controversial .
the reasons for his death are currently unknown , although foul play is expected from a former rival .	the reasons for his death is currently unknown , although foul play is expected from a former rival .
currently , those states which still maintain a death penalty option have a mandatory appeal of the sentence ( defendants sentenced to death can not waive this appeal , but can waive appeals beyond this stage subject to a compentency hearing ) .	currently , those states which still maintain a death penalty option has a mandatory appeal of the sentence ( defendants sentenced to death can not waive this appeal , but can waive appeals beyond this stage subject to a compentency hearing ) .
patients whose outward drift occurs at distance rather than at near distance are less ideal candidates for treatment .	patients whose outward drift occurs at distance rather than at near distance is less ideal candidates for treatment .
most notable television shows have individual episode pages at this time .	most notable television shows has individual episode pages at this time .
the guests of honor who attend the event every year include well-known people ( graphic artists , directors , etc .	the guests of honor who attend the event every year includes well-known people ( graphic artists , directors , etc .
it has to be noted that this placement of explosives is unique in slovakia , in all prior mafia hits using explosives , the device was always placed in the car of the victim or in a car parked nearby .	it has to be noted that this placement of explosives are unique in slovakia , in all prior mafia hits using explosives , the device was always placed in the car of the victim or in a car parked nearby .
all of the town is a historical site ; the architecture that has survived through the years gives santa fe de antioquia the aspect of a city `` suspended '' in the colonial era , which is the reason the city was declared national monument .	all of the town is a historical site ; the architecture that has survived through the years give santa fe de antioquia the aspect of a city `` suspended '' in the colonial era , which is the reason the city was declared national monument .
i do n't know if doncram 's practices on stub creation are similar to , or different from , other people 's practices in importing articles .	i do n't know if doncram 's practices on stub creation is similar to , or different from , other people 's practices in importing articles .
portions of the original steam heating system remain .	portions of the original steam heating system remains .
if the circumstances in which you can sell your stock and realize a capital gain are very limited , then the liquidity premium charged by investors will be much higher and stock price will be lower .	if the circumstances in which you can sell your stock and realize a capital gain is very limited , then the liquidity premium charged by investors will be much higher and stock price will be lower .
the instructions at the top of this page say this page is for questions about using wikipedia .	the instructions at the top of this page says this page is for questions about using wikipedia .
his two accounts of that journey , a time of gifts and between the woods and the water , are a masterly portrait of a europe about to be swept aside by war , and also an insight into the brilliant , classically educated mind of the author .	his two accounts of that journey , a time of gifts and between the woods and the water , is a masterly portrait of a europe about to be swept aside by war , and also an insight into the brilliant , classically educated mind of the author .
her technical contributions to the field of body piercing include the invention , naming and popularizing of several placements , including the fourchette and the lorum piercings .	her technical contributions to the field of body piercing includes the invention , naming and popularizing of several placements , including the fourchette and the lorum piercings .
in november 2010 geoff sheerin , the president of canadian arrow stated the company is unlikely to fly a canadian arrow rocket as a space tourism vehicle .	in november 2010 geoff sheerin , the president of canadian arrow stated the company are unlikely to fly a canadian arrow rocket as a space tourism vehicle .
the buses depart frequently and operate seven days a week .	the buses departs frequently and operate seven days a week .
other collaborators on the album are blair mackichan , derrick mckenzie , jon kelly , julien jabre , michael tordjman , robert kirby and simon hale .	other collaborators on the album is blair mackichan , derrick mckenzie , jon kelly , julien jabre , michael tordjman , robert kirby and simon hale .
the top 48 riders in the qualification round then go to a knockout system in groups of 6 riders , each of which the top 3 to qualify for the next round at the end of the rocket ride champion determined .	the top 48 riders in the qualification round then goes to a knockout system in groups of 6 riders , each of which the top 3 to qualify for the next round at the end of the rocket ride champion determined .
both the villages of backbarrow and greenodd have now been by-passed , though parts of this route remain narrow and windy .	both the villages of backbarrow and greenodd have now been by-passed , though parts of this route remains narrow and windy .
the most popular schools of study by enrollment are business , liberal arts , and psychology .	the most popular schools of study by enrollment is business , liberal arts , and psychology .
the two neurotransmitters that are used most widely in the vertebrate brain are glutamate , which almost always exerts excitatory effects on target neurons , and gamma-aminobutyric acid ( gaba ) , which is almost always inhibitory .	the two neurotransmitters that are used most widely in the vertebrate brain is glutamate , which almost always exerts excitatory effects on target neurons , and gamma-aminobutyric acid ( gaba ) , which is almost always inhibitory .
friction power is the difference between indicated power and brake power .	friction power are the difference between indicated power and brake power .
yes sales of any type of alcohol are legal at any store that has an off-premises liquor license , including but not limited to convenience stores and grocery stores .	yes sales of any type of alcohol is legal at any store that has an off-premises liquor license , including but not limited to convenience stores and grocery stores .
they believe that the improvement of toilets is fundamental to the dignity and social development of all human beings .	they believe that the improvement of toilets are fundamental to the dignity and social development of all human beings .
the upper lines of the nose bridge and of the head are almost parallel .	the upper lines of the nose bridge and of the head is almost parallel .
witness page refuse to allow critical links , books , or any real balance ( note all the links are positive on the main jw page as an example ) .	witness page refuse to allow critical links , books , or any real balance ( note all the links is positive on the main jw page as an example ) .
if you want to suggest renaming of the article , or splitting it into a series of subarticles , the proper way to do it is to discuss the issue on talk , not to revert war for a week and finally comment here .	if you want to suggest renaming of the article , or splitting it into a series of subarticles , the proper way to do it are to discuss the issue on talk , not to revert war for a week and finally comment here .
the most important factors determining site quality for black oak are the thickness and texture of the a horizon , texture of the b horizon , aspect , and slope position .	the most important factors determining site quality for black oak is the thickness and texture of the a horizon , texture of the b horizon , aspect , and slope position .
the forward currently plays for fk novi pazar in the serbian superliga .	the forward currently play for fk novi pazar in the serbian superliga .
although the quarry is 142 m deep and has a diameter of 120 m it has been neglected and is now filled with water .	although the quarry are 142 m deep and has a diameter of 120 m it has been neglected and is now filled with water .
usage of solar balloons is predominantly in the toy market , although it has been proposed that they be used in the investigation of planet mars , and some solar balloons are large enough for human flight .	usage of solar balloons are predominantly in the toy market , although it has been proposed that they be used in the investigation of planet mars , and some solar balloons are large enough for human flight .
features such as a pin code request and a call barring service mean the users personal information wo n't be at risk should they accidentally leave their phone lying about .	features such as a pin code request and a call barring service means the users personal information wo n't be at risk should they accidentally leave their phone lying about .
in contrast to the 1950s and 1960s , many studios today are no longer owned solely by producers .	in contrast to the 1950s and 1960s , many studios today is no longer owned solely by producers .
the effects of the violence that takes place off stage are , however , portrayed verbally and non-verbally on stage .	the effects of the violence that takes place off stage is , however , portrayed verbally and non-verbally on stage .
the fireplaces , which are placed around the lake in front of the palace , are fresh air vents used to provide fresh air to the bunkers below the lake .	the fireplaces , which are placed around the lake in front of the palace , is fresh air vents used to provide fresh air to the bunkers below the lake .
the distance which it passes over is five miles and seven furlongs , [ 9 .	the distance which it passes over are five miles and seven furlongs , [ 9 .
the only people in the household with any sense of morality are the servants , coralee and jacob .	the only people in the household with any sense of morality is the servants , coralee and jacob .
however late selection models claim that information is processed to a much later stage and attention serves to choose between that processed information .	however late selection models claims that information is processed to a much later stage and attention serves to choose between that processed information .
the languages most spoken at home by the population in the city are swahili and lingala , followed by french .	the languages most spoken at home by the population in the city is swahili and lingala , followed by french .
he is the author of a number of books on 14th- and 15th-century art , and a leading expert on early netherlandish painting , and his contributions to research and knowledge on the period are on a par with the works of max jakob friedländer and erwin panofsky .	he is the author of a number of books on 14th- and 15th-century art , and a leading expert on early netherlandish painting , and his contributions to research and knowledge on the period is on a par with the works of max jakob friedländer and erwin panofsky .
that story also reveals that the later `` ingersoll amendment '' ( a reference to lawyer and comics writer bob ingersoll ) to the keene act , which delineates governmental authority over superhuman activity in times of crisis , was passed into law in 1972 .	that story also reveal that the later `` ingersoll amendment '' ( a reference to lawyer and comics writer bob ingersoll ) to the keene act , which delineates governmental authority over superhuman activity in times of crisis , was passed into law in 1972 .
the copying in the history of miami hurricanes football is foundational , and although there have been some recent edits , mostly of recent history , the article is very tainted , and this is merely a derivative work .	the copying in the history of miami hurricanes football is foundational , and although there have been some recent edits , mostly of recent history , the article are very tainted , and this is merely a derivative work .
the scenes in the box factory are superb , as is martin and skinner 's joyful singing and , once again , edna and bart 's enforced team-up .	the scenes in the box factory is superb , as is martin and skinner 's joyful singing and , once again , edna and bart 's enforced team-up .
proton studio 's credits include notable commercials for tomtom , microsoft , charles schwab , and state farmproton hires on editors nathan petty , edward feldman and erik johnson .	proton studio 's credits includes notable commercials for tomtom , microsoft , charles schwab , and state farmproton hires on editors nathan petty , edward feldman and erik johnson .
use of templates to set colors is unnecessary and a waste of system resources .	use of templates to set colors are unnecessary and a waste of system resources .
in zimbabwe and south africa , the people prefer the name mwenye .	in zimbabwe and south africa , the people prefers the name mwenye .
these fences , made from heavy gauge wire for durability , are three feet high and are buried one foot below the surface .	these fences , made from heavy gauge wire for durability , is three feet high and are buried one foot below the surface .
mouse models of colorectal cancer and intestinal cancer are experimental systems in which mice are genetically manipulated or challenged with chemicals to develop malignancies in the gastrointestinal tract .	mouse models of colorectal cancer and intestinal cancer is experimental systems in which mice are genetically manipulated or challenged with chemicals to develop malignancies in the gastrointestinal tract .
that is why muslim societies , contrary to propaganda , have some of the most socially caring networks .	that is why muslim societies , contrary to propaganda , has some of the most socially caring networks .
office of legal counsel completes a memorandum exploring the laws and the limit to the term for an interim u .	office of legal counsel complete a memorandum exploring the laws and the limit to the term for an interim u .
although mythological characters are not representations of real people , they are a group that would have been recognizable to ancient audiences , and even back then , tended to fall into well-established group types .	although mythological characters is not representations of real people , they are a group that would have been recognizable to ancient audiences , and even back then , tended to fall into well-established group types .
a small museum on the grounds holds artifacts diagrams and models of the site and the history that surrounds it .	a small museum on the grounds hold artifacts diagrams and models of the site and the history that surrounds it .
common issues considered by the ( western ) philosophy of religion are the existence of god , belief and rationality , cosmology , and logical inferences of logical consistency from sacred texts .	common issues considered by the ( western ) philosophy of religion is the existence of god , belief and rationality , cosmology , and logical inferences of logical consistency from sacred texts .
all parts of the plant including the fruit are poisonous if eaten .	all parts of the plant including the fruit is poisonous if eaten .
the book is significant in posner 's criticism of president george w .	the book are significant in posner 's criticism of president george w .
following an ancient pilgrim route , terry discovers that the map contains a dangerous secret , with a trail of intrigue leading all the way back to the throne of england and king charles ii .	following an ancient pilgrim route , terry discovers that the map contain a dangerous secret , with a trail of intrigue leading all the way back to the throne of england and king charles ii .
the three ponds within the zoo complex are still reminders of this former part of the canal .	the three ponds within the zoo complex is still reminders of this former part of the canal .
wikipedia , but to pretend that this is a situation is not of his own making is foolish .	wikipedia , but to pretend that this is a situation are not of his own making is foolish .
other caves formed through volcanic activity include rift caves , lava mold caves , open vertical volcanic conduits , and inflationary caves .	other caves formed through volcanic activity includes rift caves , lava mold caves , open vertical volcanic conduits , and inflationary caves .
the measures of pressure , a field quantity , use the factor of 20 , and the measures of power ( e .	the measures of pressure , a field quantity , uses the factor of 20 , and the measures of power ( e .
this primate prefers to forage in larger trees of a tree species , and spends most of the time using primary forest and young forest , rarely uses shrub forest and does not use grassland .	this primate prefer to forage in larger trees of a tree species , and spends most of the time using primary forest and young forest , rarely uses shrub forest and does not use grassland .
other screenings beyond the theatrical run include retrospectives at the museum of modern art , the cleveland cinematheque , the cornell cinema , and at the communal studies conference in marshall california in 2006 .	other screenings beyond the theatrical run includes retrospectives at the museum of modern art , the cleveland cinematheque , the cornell cinema , and at the communal studies conference in marshall california in 2006 .
arches with a core of reinforced concrete covered by facade stone for decoration are not to be included in this list , the load-bearing part of the arch should be cut stone or brick , or as follows , unreinforced concrete .	arches with a core of reinforced concrete covered by facade stone for decoration is not to be included in this list , the load-bearing part of the arch should be cut stone or brick , or as follows , unreinforced concrete .
head injuries caused by penetrating trauma are serious medical emergencies and may cause permanent disability or death .	head injuries caused by penetrating trauma is serious medical emergencies and may cause permanent disability or death .
oils from these fish have a profile of around seven times as much omega-3 oils as omega-6 oils .	oils from these fish has a profile of around seven times as much omega-3 oils as omega-6 oils .
neural circuits in the brain stem are able to control acceptance or rejection of sweet or bitter foods , and can be modulated by satiation or physiological hunger signals .	neural circuits in the brain stem is able to control acceptance or rejection of sweet or bitter foods , and can be modulated by satiation or physiological hunger signals .
members of the group have a great deal of local knowledge which they are keen to share and the society has gathered a wonderful collection of photographs .	members of the group has a great deal of local knowledge which they are keen to share and the society has gathered a wonderful collection of photographs .
as each participant on the show sets out on their journey they discover new details about the lives of their ancestors , answer questions about identity , about time and place , and even discover things about themselves .	as each participant on the show sets out on their journey they discover new details about the lives of their ancestors , answer questions about identity , about time and place , and even discovers things about themselves .
the ability of intelligent people to belief things that appear wrong to most others is fairly well-documented .	the ability of intelligent people to belief things that appear wrong to most others are fairly well-documented .
the main aims of the programme are to increase portable radio activity in the lake district , encourage more radio amateurs within reach of the area , and to promote the natural beauty of the region .	the main aims of the programme is to increase portable radio activity in the lake district , encourage more radio amateurs within reach of the area , and to promote the natural beauty of the region .
as described in attachment theory , infants need to develop a relationship with a primary caregiver to achieve normal social and emotional development .	as described in attachment theory , infants needs to develop a relationship with a primary caregiver to achieve normal social and emotional development .
people adjusting to a new culture often feel lonely and homesick because they are not yet used to the new environment and meet people with whom they are not familiar every day .	people adjusting to a new culture often feels lonely and homesick because they are not yet used to the new environment and meet people with whom they are not familiar every day .
its biggest achievements to date remain the fourth and third place in 1934 and 1954 , respectively .	its biggest achievements to date remains the fourth and third place in 1934 and 1954 , respectively .
the experimental animals are able to regenerate amputated limbs or body organs .	the experimental animals is able to regenerate amputated limbs or body organs .
the effects of dust extinction are smaller at longer wavelengths .	the effects of dust extinction is smaller at longer wavelengths .
wine sales are subject to the same rules as beer sales , except sales are allowed until 2 a .	wine sales is subject to the same rules as beer sales , except sales are allowed until 2 a .
these non-notable fictional characters from a role playing game are the basis for a synthesis of plot summaries and original research which are devoid of analysis , discussion of context or secondary sources .	these non-notable fictional characters from a role playing game is the basis for a synthesis of plot summaries and original research which are devoid of analysis , discussion of context or secondary sources .
the association 's current name is meant to cover the wide variety of areas health professionals work in today .	the association 's current name is meant to cover the wide variety of areas health professionals works in today .
procedures differ when electronic voting , not widespread in france , is used in some cities , despite some controversy about its safety and effectiveness .	procedures differs when electronic voting , not widespread in france , is used in some cities , despite some controversy about its safety and effectiveness .
although definitions of social class in the united kingdom vary and are highly controversial , most are influenced by factors of wealth , occupation and education .	although definitions of social class in the united kingdom vary and is highly controversial , most are influenced by factors of wealth , occupation and education .
the extension to cases where there are more than two classes is relatively straightforward .	the extension to cases where there are more than two classes are relatively straightforward .
small deposits of coal , gas , and petroleum exist but have not yet been developed .	small deposits of coal , gas , and petroleum exists but have not yet been developed .
although the wooden buildings on the platforms have gone the platforms , and some other buildings such as the station house and signal box remain .	although the wooden buildings on the platforms have gone the platforms , and some other buildings such as the station house and signal box remains .
this complex also includes a multistory parking garage .	this complex also include a multistory parking garage .
views , where care has been taken to expose for a true lateral view without any rotation , offer the best diagnostic quality .	views , where care has been taken to expose for a true lateral view without any rotation , offers the best diagnostic quality .
the first set of links spans 13 december 2011 to 3 february 2012 .	the first set of links span 13 december 2011 to 3 february 2012 .
the novel is heavily influenced by goethe 's faust , and its themes of cowardice , trust , intellectual curiosity , and redemption are prominent .	the novel is heavily influenced by goethe 's faust , and its themes of cowardice , trust , intellectual curiosity , and redemption is prominent .
anyway , just the results of a quick search , in case they are of some value .	anyway , just the results of a quick search , in case they is of some value .
at the moment , all clauses of general notability guideline are satisfied .	at the moment , all clauses of general notability guideline is satisfied .
the most common molecules attacked by oxidation are unsaturated fats ; oxidation causes them to turn rancid .	the most common molecules attacked by oxidation is unsaturated fats ; oxidation causes them to turn rancid .
not notable ; references are all to run-of-the-mill sources ( e .	not notable ; references is all to run-of-the-mill sources ( e .
quiet removal of posts is very problematic .	quiet removal of posts are very problematic .
other names in common use include udp acetylglucosamine-poly ( ribitol phosphate ) , acetylglucosaminyltransferase , uridine diphosphoacetylglucosamine-poly ( ribitol phosphate ) , and acetylglucosaminyltransferase .	other names in common use includes udp acetylglucosamine-poly ( ribitol phosphate ) , acetylglucosaminyltransferase , uridine diphosphoacetylglucosamine-poly ( ribitol phosphate ) , and acetylglucosaminyltransferase .
red links are not part of the fa criteria and do not need to be removed just because they are there .	red links is not part of the fa criteria and do not need to be removed just because they are there .
most of the relevant literature both before and since the rind study opposes the latter 's main conclusion that sex between adults and children is not always harmful .	most of the relevant literature both before and since the rind study opposes the latter 's main conclusion that sex between adults and children are not always harmful .
the exact number and types of available measurements depends on the ios version .	the exact number and types of available measurements depend on the ios version .
many universities and non-profit organization succeed in a goal of public good , though few if any provide a democratic process of refinement .	many universities and non-profit organization succeed in a goal of public good , though few if any provides a democratic process of refinement .
however , traffic jams , especially during rush hour are fairly common in kl and it might be difficult to get a taxi during rush hour .	however , traffic jams , especially during rush hour is fairly common in kl and it might be difficult to get a taxi during rush hour .
essentially , barristers are the lawyers who represent litigants as their advocate before the courts of that jurisdiction .	essentially , barristers is the lawyers who represent litigants as their advocate before the courts of that jurisdiction .
the more blatant cases of vandalism are rather unlikely to meet the eye of an unsuspecting reader .	the more blatant cases of vandalism is rather unlikely to meet the eye of an unsuspecting reader .
the changes in material culture marking the start of the migration period appear to coincide with the arrival of the huns on the continental stage .	the changes in material culture marking the start of the migration period appears to coincide with the arrival of the huns on the continental stage .
now another mile or more of good rapids , and the north branch of the moose enters the adirondack league club 's private property , as it leaves the plains behind .	now another mile or more of good rapids , and the north branch of the moose enter the adirondack league club 's private property , as it leaves the plains behind .
both titles have since , however , become extinct .	both titles has since , however , become extinct .
more than 600 honorary experts from science , economy and administration are on approx .	more than 600 honorary experts from science , economy and administration is on approx .
common elements of baroque pop also include layered melodies , sophisticated productions and prominent harmonies .	common elements of baroque pop also includes layered melodies , sophisticated productions and prominent harmonies .
the reasons for the decline of the dusky hopping mouse are not fully understood , but are assumed to be competition for food with introduced species , particularly cattle and rabbits , and predation by introduced cats and foxes .	the reasons for the decline of the dusky hopping mouse is not fully understood , but are assumed to be competition for food with introduced species , particularly cattle and rabbits , and predation by introduced cats and foxes .
the airport is dabolim airport ( goi ) at vasco da gama , goa .	the airport are dabolim airport ( goi ) at vasco da gama , goa .
the leaders in the original gospel movement encourage their members to pray where their ancestors prayed - in frint of the buddhist altar .	the leaders in the original gospel movement encourages their members to pray where their ancestors prayed - in frint of the buddhist altar .
for example , the following usage might be appropriate to the arguable claim that `` most people believe in ghosts .	for example , the following usage might be appropriate to the arguable claim that `` most people believes in ghosts .
other pioneers of contemporary dance ( the offspring of modern and postmodern ) include ruth st .	other pioneers of contemporary dance ( the offspring of modern and postmodern ) includes ruth st .
the most important upgrades to the 2010 model are a new 6-speed sportshift automatic transmission .	the most important upgrades to the 2010 model is a new 6-speed sportshift automatic transmission .
when the light components in crude oil evaporate over time , they form an explosive compound with air .	when the light components in crude oil evaporate over time , they forms an explosive compound with air .
graffiti is made up entirely of volunteers , while students studying in the writer 's craft class ( es ) constitute the rag 's staff .	graffiti is made up entirely of volunteers , while students studying in the writer 's craft class ( es ) constitutes the rag 's staff .
the games studied in game theory are well-defined mathematical objects .	the games studied in game theory is well-defined mathematical objects .
its more than 40 , 000 members engage in a variety of professional programs and activities through a network of 48 chapters throughout the united states and canada .	its more than 40 , 000 members engages in a variety of professional programs and activities through a network of 48 chapters throughout the united states and canada .
potential health benefits , which have not been scientifically validated , include improved complexion and possibly a lower risk of cancer .	potential health benefits , which have not been scientifically validated , includes improved complexion and possibly a lower risk of cancer .
the fields that link to existing articles do n't need to be put between [ [ and ] ] markup , this is added automatically if the page exists .	the fields that link to existing articles do n't need to be put between [ [ and ] ] markup , this is added automatically if the page exist .
list of world war i books is an annotated bibliography using apa style citations of a selection of the most useful books on world war i as selected by the editors .	list of world war i books are an annotated bibliography using apa style citations of a selection of the most useful books on world war i as selected by the editors .
the municipality has a mediterranean climate tempered by the high altitude .	the municipality have a mediterranean climate tempered by the high altitude .
télé lyon métropolelhc matches are a regular feature on télé lyon métropole 's sunday sports review , dimanche sports .	télé lyon métropolelhc matches is a regular feature on télé lyon métropole 's sunday sports review , dimanche sports .
the phone has two shortcut keys on its side .	the phone have two shortcut keys on its side .
candidates who have successfully passed the examination receive the `` certified professional for requirements engineering '' certificate .	candidates who have successfully passed the examination receives the `` certified professional for requirements engineering '' certificate .
elkman 's assertions that i have characterized him as lying , at my talk page and repeated here , are false however .	elkman 's assertions that i have characterized him as lying , at my talk page and repeated here , is false however .
out-of-pocket costs to the student attending a parochial school are usually greater than an equivalent public school .	out-of-pocket costs to the student attending a parochial school is usually greater than an equivalent public school .
when players from a specific city come together to determine who is the city champion .	when players from a specific city comes together to determine who is the city champion .
critics of the referendum argue that voters in a referendum are more likely driven by transient whims than careful deliberation , or that they are not sufficiently informed to make decisions on complicated or technical issues .	critics of the referendum argue that voters in a referendum is more likely driven by transient whims than careful deliberation , or that they are not sufficiently informed to make decisions on complicated or technical issues .
signs of the system still remain .	signs of the system still remains .
the current number of pupils stands at 919 .	the current number of pupils stand at 919 .
any non-trivial changes to the arbitration process and role of the committee need to be adopted by both the committee and the community , and the wrinkles ironed out with the support of both in spite of any teething problems .	any non-trivial changes to the arbitration process and role of the committee needs to be adopted by both the committee and the community , and the wrinkles ironed out with the support of both in spite of any teething problems .
dragons articles that need to differentiate between fact and fiction need such a rewrite .	dragons articles that need to differentiate between fact and fiction needs such a rewrite .
the sentence also implies that billy became 16 since the attack , which only happened recently .	the sentence also imply that billy became 16 since the attack , which only happened recently .
i had wondered what all the diodes on its circuit board are for ; as i understand the article linked above , they allow all keys to be recognized at the same time .	i had wondered what all the diodes on its circuit board is for ; as i understand the article linked above , they allow all keys to be recognized at the same time .
the international association of science parks explains that the purpose of these parks is to promote the economic development and competitiveness of cities and regions by creating new business , adding value to companies , and creating new knowledge-based jobs .	the international association of science parks explains that the purpose of these parks are to promote the economic development and competitiveness of cities and regions by creating new business , adding value to companies , and creating new knowledge-based jobs .
as sales of video game music separate from the game itself became marketable in the west ( compared to japan where game music cds had been selling for years ) , business elements also wield a level of influence that it had little before .	as sales of video game music separates from the game itself became marketable in the west ( compared to japan where game music cds had been selling for years ) , business elements also wield a level of influence that it had little before .
as they are exploring their purpose , an outbreak of demons occurs within tokyo , and a large area of the city is quarantined by the japanese ground self-defense forces , denying power , communications , and food to those trapped within .	as they are exploring their purpose , an outbreak of demons occur within tokyo , and a large area of the city is quarantined by the japanese ground self-defense forces , denying power , communications , and food to those trapped within .
these commandments replace all other commandments , '' jesus said .	these commandments replaces all other commandments , '' jesus said .
the aoc 's vineyards cover approximately , shared by 49 wine-growing communes in the rhône département , and between them they produce approximately 22 , 000 hectolitres of wine .	the aoc 's vineyards covers approximately , shared by 49 wine-growing communes in the rhône département , and between them they produce approximately 22 , 000 hectolitres of wine .
many users keep database reports or personal backlogs in their userspaces , so a bot modifying this area of wikipedia may cause trouble .	many users keeps database reports or personal backlogs in their userspaces , so a bot modifying this area of wikipedia may cause trouble .
his books on bass study refer to a `` sensitivity to music '' and a dedication to studying the fundamentals of music theory .	his books on bass study refers to a `` sensitivity to music '' and a dedication to studying the fundamentals of music theory .
thanks for your answer , however the question remain .	thanks for your answer , however the question remains .
elsewhere , the distribution is consistent with the break-up of pangaea .	elsewhere , the distribution are consistent with the break-up of pangaea .
assuming that any two parts of the target of equal area are equally likely to be hit , find the probability that the point hit is nearer to the center than to any edge .	assuming that any two parts of the target of equal area is equally likely to be hit , find the probability that the point hit is nearer to the center than to any edge .
where or not her acts as a porn star are immoral or as a former porn star now teacher of children are immoral do not matter .	where or not her acts as a porn star is immoral or as a former porn star now teacher of children are immoral do not matter .
the cables for connecting equipment together have a male plug at each end .	the cables for connecting equipment together has a male plug at each end .
the universal nature of these rights and freedoms is beyond question .	the universal nature of these rights and freedoms are beyond question .
in addition , the pattern-forming questions ( and , to an extent , the verbal reasoning ) are a perfect example of the old adage that iq tests really test your ability to think like the person who set them .	in addition , the pattern-forming questions ( and , to an extent , the verbal reasoning ) is a perfect example of the old adage that iq tests really test your ability to think like the person who set them .
issues related to energy consumption and climate change need immediate recognition , and implementation of changes , in order to reduce the pollution rates .	issues related to energy consumption and climate change needs immediate recognition , and implementation of changes , in order to reduce the pollution rates .
other pieces include vocal tracks by the metro voices choir , piano solos by yasuharu nakanishi , and performances by the gen ittetsu strings .	other pieces includes vocal tracks by the metro voices choir , piano solos by yasuharu nakanishi , and performances by the gen ittetsu strings .
languages spoken in the province include dari , hazaragi , pashto , and balochi .	languages spoken in the province includes dari , hazaragi , pashto , and balochi .
midget and jason get into an argument , and midget informs jason that this is how life on the streets is .	midget and jason get into an argument , and midget informs jason that this is how life on the streets are .
the article is also highly nonencyclopedic in its tone and reads more like a press release than a wikipedia article , but since the subject is non-notable in the first place , it 's not really worth anyone 's time to improve it .	the article are also highly nonencyclopedic in its tone and reads more like a press release than a wikipedia article , but since the subject is non-notable in the first place , it 's not really worth anyone 's time to improve it .
the animal appears to have been an adult when it died .	the animal appear to have been an adult when it died .
some major distributors of web television are youtube , myspace , newgrounds , blip .	some major distributors of web television is youtube , myspace , newgrounds , blip .
a tale that can be referenced by several articles is most useful .	a tale that can be referenced by several articles are most useful .
the restrictions accompanying each deficient funding status are progressively more severe as funding status worsens .	the restrictions accompanying each deficient funding status is progressively more severe as funding status worsens .
thus , many questions regarding service excellence in healthcare largely remain unanswered .	thus , many questions regarding service excellence in healthcare largely remains unanswered .
welsh medium education is available to all age groups through nurseries , schools , colleges and universities and in adult education ; lessons in the language itself are compulsory for all pupils until the age of 16 .	welsh medium education is available to all age groups through nurseries , schools , colleges and universities and in adult education ; lessons in the language itself is compulsory for all pupils until the age of 16 .
hiking , bicycling , ball fields , fishing , picnicking , and cross-country skiing are available in the park .	hiking , bicycling , ball fields , fishing , picnicking , and cross-country skiing is available in the park .
considerable areas of recent blown sand cover the coastal zone around southport and southwards to formby and peat has developed across lower ground as at holland moss and sefton meadows inland of southport and formby .	considerable areas of recent blown sand covers the coastal zone around southport and southwards to formby and peat has developed across lower ground as at holland moss and sefton meadows inland of southport and formby .
further , the questions which i submitted to his office in response to this are the point at which he declined to elaborate .	further , the questions which i submitted to his office in response to this is the point at which he declined to elaborate .
in addition , the `` social minima '' , benefits ensuring a minimum income to a person in an insecure situation , offer anyone a minimum of resources to fight against the risk of social exclusion .	in addition , the `` social minima '' , benefits ensuring a minimum income to a person in an insecure situation , offers anyone a minimum of resources to fight against the risk of social exclusion .
according to eisenberger , individuals who are reinforced for exerting high effort on a task are also secondarily reinforced by the sensation of high effort .	according to eisenberger , individuals who are reinforced for exerting high effort on a task is also secondarily reinforced by the sensation of high effort .
their chlorophyllous zones , a darker green zone where chlorophyll is concentrated , appear on the upper half of the outer phyllaries , to the upper third or along the outer midveins of the inner phyllaries .	their chlorophyllous zones , a darker green zone where chlorophyll is concentrated , appears on the upper half of the outer phyllaries , to the upper third or along the outer midveins of the inner phyllaries .
the album features many well known irish musicians , such as the chieftains and the corrs .	the album feature many well known irish musicians , such as the chieftains and the corrs .
the round shape of the cards is significant .	the round shape of the cards are significant .
the building , which took nearly five years to complete , contains 40 , 000 square feet of glass , 25 , 000 cubic yards of concrete , and 27 steel cables .	the building , which took nearly five years to complete , contain 40 , 000 square feet of glass , 25 , 000 cubic yards of concrete , and 27 steel cables .
the user 's ip address is always different , but always from british telecom -- and the edits always follow the same pattern , which is why we suspect it 's the same user .	the user 's ip address is always different , but always from british telecom -- and the edits always follows the same pattern , which is why we suspect it 's the same user .
the majority of contributing factors to internal forces comes from leg muscle activation and arm swing .	the majority of contributing factors to internal forces come from leg muscle activation and arm swing .
the ensembles such as the striking wind quartet at the end of the first act are full of life while the orchestration is the most balanced in all of nielsen 's works .	the ensembles such as the striking wind quartet at the end of the first act is full of life while the orchestration is the most balanced in all of nielsen 's works .
the vertical wires of the aperture grille have a resonant frequency and will vibrate in sympathetic resonance with loud sounds near the display , resulting in fluttering and shimmering of colors on the display .	the vertical wires of the aperture grille has a resonant frequency and will vibrate in sympathetic resonance with loud sounds near the display , resulting in fluttering and shimmering of colors on the display .
portions of the city extend into edinburg consolidated independent school district and that district operates two elementary schools located in the city of mcallen .	portions of the city extends into edinburg consolidated independent school district and that district operates two elementary schools located in the city of mcallen .
a declaring team that wins all 5 tricks wins 3 points .	a declaring team that wins all 5 tricks win 3 points .
the complexities of the style mentioned in the previous section make it unreadable by the average japanese person without dedicated study of the language of the tale .	the complexities of the style mentioned in the previous section makes it unreadable by the average japanese person without dedicated study of the language of the tale .
oliver williamson is credited with the development of the term `` information impactedness '' , which applies in situations where it is difficult to ascertain what the costs to information are .	oliver williamson is credited with the development of the term `` information impactedness '' , which applies in situations where it is difficult to ascertain what the costs to information is .
these active metabolites compete with estrogen in the body for binding to the estrogen receptor .	these active metabolites competes with estrogen in the body for binding to the estrogen receptor .
now you are making a case for astral weeks to be uprated from a low rating , but this assessment is about brown eyed girl !	now you are making a case for astral weeks to be uprated from a low rating , but this assessment are about brown eyed girl !
smaller scale turbines for residential scale use are available , they are usually approximately in diameter and produce electricity at a rate of 300 to 10 , 000 watts at their tested wind speed .	smaller scale turbines for residential scale use is available , they are usually approximately in diameter and produce electricity at a rate of 300 to 10 , 000 watts at their tested wind speed .
some species of yeast are able to convert food into triglycerides and accumulate the produced lipids when fed carbohydrates .	some species of yeast is able to convert food into triglycerides and accumulate the produced lipids when fed carbohydrates .
the more i think about it , the more i think the last solution is the best .	the more i think about it , the more i think the last solution are the best .
at times the style becomes a bit too purple .	at times the style become a bit too purple .
according to langerwerf , signs of an unhealthy dragon include abnormal feces , inability to right itself when turned upside down , limping , sluggish behavior , refusing food , sunken eyes , vomiting , and weight loss ( 2006 , p .	according to langerwerf , signs of an unhealthy dragon includes abnormal feces , inability to right itself when turned upside down , limping , sluggish behavior , refusing food , sunken eyes , vomiting , and weight loss ( 2006 , p .
points have been made , egos have been bruised , and all that can be said on this peculiar mini-issue has been said , so i suggest all involved parties leave this dead horse where it lies .	points have been made , egos have been bruised , and all that can be said on this peculiar mini-issue has been said , so i suggest all involved parties leaves this dead horse where it lies .
study of such churches in denominational terms is therefore a more complex proposition .	study of such churches in denominational terms are therefore a more complex proposition .
articles related to the rock band we are the fallen .	articles related to the rock band we is the fallen .
the cutting facility , built in 1914 , is a large steel-frame warehouse-style building .	the cutting facility , built in 1914 , are a large steel-frame warehouse-style building .
ordinary people can occasionally slip into tel'aran'rhiod , and events that occur within this dream world have physical consequences .	ordinary people can occasionally slip into tel'aran'rhiod , and events that occur within this dream world has physical consequences .
action comics which seems to be the appropriate place for this information to go ( and most series have a section for the collected volumes ) .	action comics which seems to be the appropriate place for this information to go ( and most series has a section for the collected volumes ) .
it holds that the six days referred to in the genesis account of creation are not ordinary 24-hour days , but rather are much longer periods ( of thousands or millions of years ) .	it holds that the six days referred to in the genesis account of creation is not ordinary 24-hour days , but rather are much longer periods ( of thousands or millions of years ) .
a complete list of programs and special programs or organized groups is available upon request .	a complete list of programs and special programs or organized groups are available upon request .
the goal of these changes is to create a sustainable world while maintaining current consumption and lifestyle practices .	the goal of these changes are to create a sustainable world while maintaining current consumption and lifestyle practices .
the leaves near the base of the plant are up to 21 centimeters long and 3 .	the leaves near the base of the plant is up to 21 centimeters long and 3 .
performers of this era include antoine bouscatel , émile vacher , martin cayla , charles péguri , and gus viseur .	performers of this era includes antoine bouscatel , émile vacher , martin cayla , charles péguri , and gus viseur .
his treatises on music theory and piano pedagogy are still in use today .	his treatises on music theory and piano pedagogy is still in use today .
the total population of children attending these public schools is roughly 2 , 500 .	the total population of children attending these public schools are roughly 2 , 500 .
rd works when editors with a level of specialist knowledge contribute to questions that they have knowledge of .	rd works when editors with a level of specialist knowledge contributes to questions that they have knowledge of .
in fact , his user page is pretty toned-down and nondescript as far as these things go .	in fact , his user page are pretty toned-down and nondescript as far as these things go .
the distinction between semiconductors and insulators is a matter of convention .	the distinction between semiconductors and insulators are a matter of convention .
many january short term projects take advantage of the chicago area 's resources .	many january short term projects takes advantage of the chicago area 's resources .
the old man , who is impressed by their efforts , allows them to keep the carp for their mother , and apologises for hitting gen .	the old man , who is impressed by their efforts , allow them to keep the carp for their mother , and apologises for hitting gen .
his weapon is a combination of a three-section staff and a naginata and he sometimes wields the sanketsukon like a pair of nunchakus in close combat .	his weapon are a combination of a three-section staff and a naginata and he sometimes wields the sanketsukon like a pair of nunchakus in close combat .
the explanation in terms of heuristics is that the judgment was distorted because , for the readers , the character sketch was representative of the sort of person who might be an active feminist but not of someone who works in a bank .	the explanation in terms of heuristics are that the judgment was distorted because , for the readers , the character sketch was representative of the sort of person who might be an active feminist but not of someone who works in a bank .
no indication that the image is pd or free licensed .	no indication that the image are pd or free licensed .
he whose hair grows thick on his temples and his brow is by nature , simple , vain , luxurious , lustful , credulous , clownish in his speech and conversation , double chin shows appeaseable disposition , a great supplanter and secret in all your actions .	he whose hair grow thick on his temples and his brow is by nature , simple , vain , luxurious , lustful , credulous , clownish in his speech and conversation , double chin shows appeaseable disposition , a great supplanter and secret in all your actions .
the three men eat breakfast and walk to the shore , where mulligan demands from stephen the key to the tower and a loan .	the three men eats breakfast and walk to the shore , where mulligan demands from stephen the key to the tower and a loan .
all weapons but the flaming spear seem to be ineffective against it .	all weapons but the flaming spear seems to be ineffective against it .
other buildings of interest in the area include sawley baptist church , which was built in the 1800 .	other buildings of interest in the area includes sawley baptist church , which was built in the 1800 .
i do n't see that the subject passes the gng .	i do n't see that the subject pass the gng .
pa ) water vapour ( at sea level and body temperature ) , so that the percentages given in the article are not true for the air coming out of your mouth or nose .	pa ) water vapour ( at sea level and body temperature ) , so that the percentages given in the article is not true for the air coming out of your mouth or nose .
lead is weak , needs to summarise the article entirely .	lead are weak , needs to summarise the article entirely .
its annual debut on houses and streets is usually in september along with other christmas symbols , signalling the coming of the season .	its annual debut on houses and streets are usually in september along with other christmas symbols , signalling the coming of the season .
the theory of solar cells explains the physical processes by which light is converted into electrical current when striking a suitable semiconductor device .	the theory of solar cells explain the physical processes by which light is converted into electrical current when striking a suitable semiconductor device .
in cambodia the number of midwives per 1 , 000 live births is 6 and the lifetime risk of death for pregnant women 1 in 110 .	in cambodia the number of midwives per 1 , 000 live births are 6 and the lifetime risk of death for pregnant women 1 in 110 .
the cells covering the apical cap are large and cleavage arrested .	the cells covering the apical cap is large and cleavage arrested .
competitors in the 100 meter 7 ball event need to be able to demonstrate a solid seven ball pattern before entering .	competitors in the 100 meter 7 ball event needs to be able to demonstrate a solid seven ball pattern before entering .
the isbn system for uniquely identifying books provides a typical example of the use of urns .	the isbn system for uniquely identifying books provide a typical example of the use of urns .
modern books on feedback control theory quite frequently use the argument principle to serve as the theoretical basis of the nyquist stability criterion .	modern books on feedback control theory quite frequently uses the argument principle to serve as the theoretical basis of the nyquist stability criterion .
for example , there is no cure for autism ; the main goals of mainstream behavioral and medical management are to lessen associated deficits and family distress , and to increase quality of life and functional independence .	for example , there is no cure for autism ; the main goals of mainstream behavioral and medical management is to lessen associated deficits and family distress , and to increase quality of life and functional independence .
this mother church of all the later polish parishes on the west and south sides now serves the many mexicans of the pilsen neighborhood and has masses in polish language as well as spanish .	this mother church of all the later polish parishes on the west and south sides now serve the many mexicans of the pilsen neighborhood and has masses in polish language as well as spanish .
home , in most browsers , goes to the top of the page .	home , in most browsers , go to the top of the page .
privacy extensions do little to protect the user from tracking if only one or two hosts are using a given network prefix , and the activity tracker is privy to this information .	privacy extensions does little to protect the user from tracking if only one or two hosts are using a given network prefix , and the activity tracker is privy to this information .
the article turns in to an advert for three non-notable bands at the half-way point too , so a failure on all counts .	the article turn in to an advert for three non-notable bands at the half-way point too , so a failure on all counts .
the contests , including the annual crown awards and the gold circle awards , select the best from among many entries .	the contests , including the annual crown awards and the gold circle awards , selects the best from among many entries .
publishers and publication mode are the most important factors , then author .	publishers and publication mode is the most important factors , then author .
thus , the two substrates of this enzyme are udp-glucose and d-fructose 6-phosphate , whereas its two products are udp and sucrose 6-phosphate .	thus , the two substrates of this enzyme is udp-glucose and d-fructose 6-phosphate , whereas its two products are udp and sucrose 6-phosphate .
the cemetery , with its extended parks among the graves and monuments , is today open to the public , but interments have ceased .	the cemetery , with its extended parks among the graves and monuments , are today open to the public , but interments have ceased .
in most cases , suggestions that a government will use the notwithstanding clause are politically very unpopular .	in most cases , suggestions that a government will use the notwithstanding clause is politically very unpopular .
lyme pit is notable for the lyme pit disaster of 1930 .	lyme pit are notable for the lyme pit disaster of 1930 .
the distance from the sun to the earth varies , but is somewhere around 93 , 000 , 000 miles .	the distance from the sun to the earth varies , but are somewhere around 93 , 000 , 000 miles .
any umpire who lasts five years in the minor leagues deserves to be immortalized .	any umpire who lasts five years in the minor leagues deserve to be immortalized .
new york specifically does not have an elite program , when all the other high-population states do .	new york specifically does not have an elite program , when all the other high-population states does .
many definitions of the ambiguity function exist ; some are restricted to narrowband signals and others are suitable to describe the propagation delay and doppler relationship of wideband signals .	many definitions of the ambiguity function exists ; some are restricted to narrowband signals and others are suitable to describe the propagation delay and doppler relationship of wideband signals .
the various types of property that are eligible for restitution include immovable property such as real estate ; movable property such as jewelry , tools , or art ; or intangible personal property such as stocks , bonds , or savings accounts .	the various types of property that are eligible for restitution includes immovable property such as real estate ; movable property such as jewelry , tools , or art ; or intangible personal property such as stocks , bonds , or savings accounts .
a wide range of cuisines is available .	a wide range of cuisines are available .
samples of his newspaper column humor are widely available online .	samples of his newspaper column humor is widely available online .
the taste is either tart or sweet with a peppery taste similar to worcestershire .	the taste are either tart or sweet with a peppery taste similar to worcestershire .
it is theorized that the differences help young birds compensate for their inexperience , weaker flight muscles and poorer flying ability .	it is theorized that the differences helps young birds compensate for their inexperience , weaker flight muscles and poorer flying ability .
in addition , the range of contributions seems far too narrow for me .	in addition , the range of contributions seem far too narrow for me .
while ezana 's coins in the first half of his reign are almost identical to those of aphilas , barring minimal weight reductions , those of his second half employ revolutionary designs .	while ezana 's coins in the first half of his reign is almost identical to those of aphilas , barring minimal weight reductions , those of his second half employ revolutionary designs .
before the game starts you can adjust the amount of core resources and to choose the right battlefield .	before the game start you can adjust the amount of core resources and to choose the right battlefield .
the strands of the end of a wire rope are unwound a certain distance , and plaited back into the wire rope , forming the loop , or an eye , called an eye splice .	the strands of the end of a wire rope is unwound a certain distance , and plaited back into the wire rope , forming the loop , or an eye , called an eye splice .
other uses of the axiom of choice are more subtle .	other uses of the axiom of choice is more subtle .
the current version is reasonable enough , and it expresses one of the important viewpoints .	the current version are reasonable enough , and it expresses one of the important viewpoints .
the book also features the characters of gideon beech , a fictionalised george bernard shaw , and ( briefly ) john cleavis , a fictionalised c .	the book also feature the characters of gideon beech , a fictionalised george bernard shaw , and ( briefly ) john cleavis , a fictionalised c .
also , issues such as sustainability and environmental impact need to be taken into account .	also , issues such as sustainability and environmental impact needs to be taken into account .
the fullscreen network of over 5 , 000 channels generates over 2 billion monthly video views and atlanta .	the fullscreen network of over 5 , 000 channels generate over 2 billion monthly video views and atlanta .
secondary schools that are recognised for quality education are bakhita girls , st charles lwanga boys , balaka secondary school , kirk range private , and st .	secondary schools that are recognised for quality education is bakhita girls , st charles lwanga boys , balaka secondary school , kirk range private , and st .
now , even if we were to use irc guidelines as the yardstick , it says keep in mind that the same basic standards of behaviour do apply .	now , even if we were to use irc guidelines as the yardstick , it says keep in mind that the same basic standards of behaviour does apply .
a perfect rectangle with these measurements has an area of 1 .	a perfect rectangle with these measurements have an area of 1 .
ncr area are meeting on 15th january 2012 to discuss , share experiences , reach out and advocate for wikipedia and wikimedia .	ncr area are meeting on 15th january 2012 to discuss , share experiences , reaches out and advocate for wikipedia and wikimedia .
paradigmatic examples are various virtues and vices such as courage , cruelty , truthfulness and kindness .	paradigmatic examples is various virtues and vices such as courage , cruelty , truthfulness and kindness .
the head movements , which are performed during the investigation and between which the head is relocated each time into the normal position , are the following .	the head movements , which are performed during the investigation and between which the head is relocated each time into the normal position , is the following .
some images ; a magazine cover being a classic example , have no non-free replacement .	some images ; a magazine cover being a classic example , has no non-free replacement .
the major radio networks broadcasting in the talk radio format are newstalk zb and radio live .	the major radio networks broadcasting in the talk radio format is newstalk zb and radio live .
the criteria for forwarding a proposed chemical to the risk profile preparation stage are persistence , bioaccumulation , potential for long-range environmental transport ( lret ) , and adverse effects .	the criteria for forwarding a proposed chemical to the risk profile preparation stage is persistence , bioaccumulation , potential for long-range environmental transport ( lret ) , and adverse effects .
the most used sulfa drugs in this infection are sulfadimethoxime , sulfadiazine and co-trimoxazole .	the most used sulfa drugs in this infection is sulfadimethoxime , sulfadiazine and co-trimoxazole .
requests for administrator or bureaucrat access need to be posted at requests for adminship and requests for bureaucratship , respectively .	requests for administrator or bureaucrat access needs to be posted at requests for adminship and requests for bureaucratship , respectively .
ramon mercado , co-owner of chatsworth-based miss junk , hauls away junk that banks have to get rid of when they repossess homes .	ramon mercado , co-owner of chatsworth-based miss junk , hauls away junk that banks has to get rid of when they repossess homes .
the rivers , greenery and a silent atmosphere are the main attractions for the tourists .	the rivers , greenery and a silent atmosphere is the main attractions for the tourists .
more precise considerations of the point of origin are a matter of some dispute .	more precise considerations of the point of origin is a matter of some dispute .
common methods of conducting a probability sample of the household population in the united states are area probability sampling , random digit dial telephone sampling , and more recently , address-based sampling .	common methods of conducting a probability sample of the household population in the united states is area probability sampling , random digit dial telephone sampling , and more recently , address-based sampling .
his creative interaction with renowned creators and innovators includes such luminaries as ray charles , joni mitchell , kiss , steve jobs , steve martin , john huston , martin scorsese , billy wilder , bob fosse , will .	his creative interaction with renowned creators and innovators include such luminaries as ray charles , joni mitchell , kiss , steve jobs , steve martin , john huston , martin scorsese , billy wilder , bob fosse , will .
in industrial nations , the most common causes of childhood brain trauma are overwhelmingly falls and transportation-related incidents .	in industrial nations , the most common causes of childhood brain trauma is overwhelmingly falls and transportation-related incidents .
liu is one of the leaders of the asian political leadership fund , a federally-designated 527 fund whose purpose is to promote political leadership from within the asian american community .	liu is one of the leaders of the asian political leadership fund , a federally-designated 527 fund whose purpose are to promote political leadership from within the asian american community .
all the windows in the upper storey are sashes .	all the windows in the upper storey is sashes .
other landmarks of note include the northern cemetery , which occupies a low spur of signal hill on lovelock avenue , next to the botanic gardens and above logan park .	other landmarks of note includes the northern cemetery , which occupies a low spur of signal hill on lovelock avenue , next to the botanic gardens and above logan park .
because of the ion barrier , the `` halo '' effect around bright spots or light sources is larger too .	because of the ion barrier , the `` halo '' effect around bright spots or light sources are larger too .
at one extreme , crimes such as treason , sedition , and terrorism are political because they represent a direct challenge to the government in power .	at one extreme , crimes such as treason , sedition , and terrorism is political because they represent a direct challenge to the government in power .
google books the gills are white , free ( not attached to the stem ) to narrowly attached , moderately crowded together , and sometimes have a grayish tint ; the lamellulae ( small gills that run from the edge of the cap towards the stem ) are truncate .	google books the gills are white , free ( not attached to the stem ) to narrowly attached , moderately crowded together , and sometimes have a grayish tint ; the lamellulae ( small gills that run from the edge of the cap towards the stem ) is truncate .
the plot follows frankie and hannes , a young gay couple living in berlin .	the plot follow frankie and hannes , a young gay couple living in berlin .
plastic changes to the body schema are active and continuous .	plastic changes to the body schema is active and continuous .
previous jobs include morning drive radio and host of miami dolphins and miami hurricanes football on wqam radio in miami .	previous jobs includes morning drive radio and host of miami dolphins and miami hurricanes football on wqam radio in miami .
the intent of these courses is to prepare students for a .	the intent of these courses are to prepare students for a .
on the third weekend in august every year the annual `` ski in the buff '' event takes place .	on the third weekend in august every year the annual `` ski in the buff '' event take place .
the temple has unfortunately now been lost to the waters of the yangtze as the construction of the three gorges dam in 2006 caused waters to rise above the level of the temple .	the temple have unfortunately now been lost to the waters of the yangtze as the construction of the three gorges dam in 2006 caused waters to rise above the level of the temple .
these differing viewpoints are indeed notable in a sociological context just as the conspiracy theories relating to the moon landing are notable under that headline .	these differing viewpoints are indeed notable in a sociological context just as the conspiracy theories relating to the moon landing is notable under that headline .
the references at the bottom of the article are all dead , and no secondary sources are used at all .	the references at the bottom of the article is all dead , and no secondary sources are used at all .
approach brings you very close to the predictive competence and accuracy .	approach bring you very close to the predictive competence and accuracy .
the fact that it is used by several academic institutions speaks louder than me , plus its quality have been recognized by several awards .	the fact that it is used by several academic institutions speak louder than me , plus its quality have been recognized by several awards .
complications from weight loss surgery are frequent .	complications from weight loss surgery is frequent .
muscles that arise from the arch are those involved with facial expression and the posterior digastric muscle .	muscles that arise from the arch is those involved with facial expression and the posterior digastric muscle .
sources that help establish the notability of an artist in an exhibition also help establish the notability of the curator of that exhibition .	sources that help establish the notability of an artist in an exhibition also helps establish the notability of the curator of that exhibition .
muhammad had actually committed any evil acts , so until and unless you do , this claim of yours is absolutely baseless .	muhammad had actually committed any evil acts , so until and unless you do , this claim of yours are absolutely baseless .
also recall that wikipedia is a volunteer project , so the quality of photographs we have for various species is completely up to people choosing to contribute .	also recall that wikipedia is a volunteer project , so the quality of photographs we have for various species are completely up to people choosing to contribute .
the tetley family 's links with the beer industry go back to the 1740s when william tetley was described as a maltster in armley , near leeds .	the tetley family 's links with the beer industry goes back to the 1740s when william tetley was described as a maltster in armley , near leeds .
typical actions in a workplace travel plan include improving facilities for pedestrians and cyclists ( showers , lockers and cycle parking ) , promotion and subsidy of public transport , and encouraging carpooling , working from home and teleconferencing .	typical actions in a workplace travel plan includes improving facilities for pedestrians and cyclists ( showers , lockers and cycle parking ) , promotion and subsidy of public transport , and encouraging carpooling , working from home and teleconferencing .
however , the expense of serving geographically dispersed areas means that paratransit is often unable to meet the travel demand of persons unable to drive , leading many paratransit providers to require pick-up appointments weeks in advance .	however , the expense of serving geographically dispersed areas mean that paratransit is often unable to meet the travel demand of persons unable to drive , leading many paratransit providers to require pick-up appointments weeks in advance .
the alabama air national guard is headquartered in montgomery , and its commander is major general perry smith .	the alabama air national guard is headquartered in montgomery , and its commander are major general perry smith .
theo misses work because he has fallen seriously ill .	theo misses works because he has fallen seriously ill .
the lyrics in question , in the style of a first-person narrative , express an unwillingness on the part of the subject to `` give '' herself or her heart to her partner .	the lyrics in question , in the style of a first-person narrative , expresses an unwillingness on the part of the subject to `` give '' herself or her heart to her partner .
his artistic name maluma came from the two first letters of his mother 's name ( marlli ) , the other two letters are from his fathers name ( luis ) , and the last two letters are from his sisters name ( manuela ) .	his artistic name maluma came from the two first letters of his mother 's name ( marlli ) , the other two letters are from his fathers name ( luis ) , and the last two letters is from his sisters name ( manuela ) .
definitions of acceptable follicle size and style are vague and often simply a subjective opinion of the tanner or buyer .	definitions of acceptable follicle size and style is vague and often simply a subjective opinion of the tanner or buyer .
without a common vocabulary for medical devices , meaningful analysis based on data from existing voluntary systems is problematic .	without a common vocabulary for medical devices , meaningful analysis based on data from existing voluntary systems are problematic .
some components , like the drive shaft in a car , are not likely to fail , so no fault-tolerance is needed .	some components , like the drive shaft in a car , is not likely to fail , so no fault-tolerance is needed .
national catholic reporter , 1 september 2000 the document was originally issued only in latin , but some versions in the vernacular are extant .	national catholic reporter , 1 september 2000 the document was originally issued only in latin , but some versions in the vernacular is extant .
support generally seems like a good idea , no counterbalancing concerns .	support generally seem like a good idea , no counterbalancing concerns .
degrees available in each program vary from certificate programs , to bachelor 's degrees , master 's degrees , professional degrees ( e .	degrees available in each program varies from certificate programs , to bachelor 's degrees , master 's degrees , professional degrees ( e .
posts that begin with all due respect seldom express any genuine respect at all .	posts that begin with all due respect seldom expresses any genuine respect at all .
his first employer is unknown , but hints in his poetry indicate that it was a lady and that his job was as a footman .	his first employer is unknown , but hints in his poetry indicates that it was a lady and that his job was as a footman .
probability and statistics is largely about learning to count .	probability and statistics are largely about learning to count .
the eclectic combination of styles and materials provides texture and visual interest amongst them .	the eclectic combination of styles and materials provide texture and visual interest amongst them .
the sound to four reels ( reels 3 , 5 , 7 , and 9 ) , out of nine reels , survives on vitaphone disks at ucla .	the sound to four reels ( reels 3 , 5 , 7 , and 9 ) , out of nine reels , survive on vitaphone disks at ucla .
the culture in new community is one of bemused indifference .	the culture in new community are one of bemused indifference .
further more , individual nomination of those articles is precisely to allow each article to stand on their own merits .	further more , individual nomination of those articles are precisely to allow each article to stand on their own merits .
this thinking leads to an evolutionary proposal called `` constructive neutral evolution '' in which the order of steps is reversed , with the gratuitous capacity for editing preceding the `` defect '' .	this thinking leads to an evolutionary proposal called `` constructive neutral evolution '' in which the order of steps are reversed , with the gratuitous capacity for editing preceding the `` defect '' .
the exact purpose of the cones is unknown .	the exact purpose of the cones are unknown .
all references in the article are to vogelzang 's own publications or to publications about her .	all references in the article is to vogelzang 's own publications or to publications about her .
functional parameters , such as the top rotation rate or top weighting , are stringent .	functional parameters , such as the top rotation rate or top weighting , is stringent .
versions of this map include countries like cuba , el salvador , panama , isreal , japan , south korea , romania , bulgaria and turkey .	versions of this map includes countries like cuba , el salvador , panama , isreal , japan , south korea , romania , bulgaria and turkey .
the use of specialized and efficient libraries to provide more terse abstractions is also common in other programming languages .	the use of specialized and efficient libraries to provide more terse abstractions are also common in other programming languages .
the brain regions most sensitive to harm from binge drinking are the amygdala and prefrontal cortex .	the brain regions most sensitive to harm from binge drinking is the amygdala and prefrontal cortex .
despite the philosophical differences between the free software movement and the open source movement , the official definitions of free software by the free software foundation and of open source software by the open source initiative basically refer to the same software licences , with a few minor exceptions .	despite the philosophical differences between the free software movement and the open source movement , the official definitions of free software by the free software foundation and of open source software by the open source initiative basically refers to the same software licences , with a few minor exceptions .
many differences , though , such as gender identity , appear to be influenced by both biological and social factors ( `` nature '' and `` nurture '' ) .	many differences , though , such as gender identity , appears to be influenced by both biological and social factors ( `` nature '' and `` nurture '' ) .
the expectations for capacity growth are reliant on the participation of these independent producers .	the expectations for capacity growth is reliant on the participation of these independent producers .
adding my own opinion on that statement , there are lessons learned from this , but the fact that certain reviewers , projects , and articles sets are being crucified is unfortunate .	adding my own opinion on that statement , there are lessons learned from this , but the fact that certain reviewers , projects , and articles sets are being crucified are unfortunate .
tom and glenna florence in two phases ( 1996 and 2001 ) the preserve is open to the general public for hiking .	tom and glenna florence in two phases ( 1996 and 2001 ) the preserve are open to the general public for hiking .
her principal topics of interest are media and the global circulation of images .	her principal topics of interest is media and the global circulation of images .
the lazy caterer 's sequence , more formally known as the central polygonal numbers , describes the maximum number of pieces of a circle ( a pancake or pizza is usually used to describe the situation ) that can be made with a given number of straight cuts .	the lazy caterer 's sequence , more formally known as the central polygonal numbers , describe the maximum number of pieces of a circle ( a pancake or pizza is usually used to describe the situation ) that can be made with a given number of straight cuts .
despite what marchiori said , some people in the internet community consider volunia a challenge and a potential competitor for google .	despite what marchiori said , some people in the internet community considers volunia a challenge and a potential competitor for google .
the themes of travel and departure are present in much of de chirico 's canon , as seen in his many paintings of trains and railways stations .	the themes of travel and departure is present in much of de chirico 's canon , as seen in his many paintings of trains and railways stations .
applications of radar include autonomous cruise control , autonomous landing guidance , altimetry , air traffic management , early warning , fire control , forward warning collision sensing , ground penetrating radar , surveillance , and weather forecasting .	applications of radar includes autonomous cruise control , autonomous landing guidance , altimetry , air traffic management , early warning , fire control , forward warning collision sensing , ground penetrating radar , surveillance , and weather forecasting .
current prominent positions held in business include independent non-executive chairman of coca-cola amatil ( since 1997 ) ; his previous roles have included non-executive director of john fairfax holdings ( between 1993 and 2005 ) ; consolidated press ; and ing australia .	current prominent positions held in business includes independent non-executive chairman of coca-cola amatil ( since 1997 ) ; his previous roles have included non-executive director of john fairfax holdings ( between 1993 and 2005 ) ; consolidated press ; and ing australia .
phoneme boundary effect in macque monkeysthere has been debate over what specific characteristics of language are unique to humans .	phoneme boundary effect in macque monkeysthere has been debate over what specific characteristics of language is unique to humans .
there was a tie game embedded in that streak ( ties were not uncommon in the days before stadium lights ) and the record for consecutive wins with no ties is 21 , held by the chicago cubs on their way to the nl pennant in 1935 .	there was a tie game embedded in that streak ( ties were not uncommon in the days before stadium lights ) and the record for consecutive wins with no ties are 21 , held by the chicago cubs on their way to the nl pennant in 1935 .
medieval manuscripts , their manufacture , restoration , and accompanying research are one of the most important features of the collection .	medieval manuscripts , their manufacture , restoration , and accompanying research is one of the most important features of the collection .
thanks for your help with this change , i see a lot of users are poopy-faced about having to use ve and you ( and all the all the supporters ) are quite professional and patient .	thanks for your help with this change , i sees a lot of users are poopy-faced about having to use ve and you ( and all the all the supporters ) are quite professional and patient .
gvozdetskys ) - a superb four-piece act , in which two talented gymnasts ( one male and one female ) perform a range of acrobatics on a flexible vaulting pole , which is about 4 metres long .	gvozdetskys ) - a superb four-piece act , in which two talented gymnasts ( one male and one female ) performs a range of acrobatics on a flexible vaulting pole , which is about 4 metres long .
we must remember that these feelings of our duty about either truth or error are in any case only expressions of our passional life .	we must remember that these feelings of our duty about either truth or error is in any case only expressions of our passional life .
other trees in the area include ponderosa pine ( pinus ponderosa ) , new mexico locust ( robinia neomexicana ) , and gambel oak ( quercus gambelii ) .	other trees in the area includes ponderosa pine ( pinus ponderosa ) , new mexico locust ( robinia neomexicana ) , and gambel oak ( quercus gambelii ) .
the practical upper limit is likely to be higher with modern materials .	the practical upper limit are likely to be higher with modern materials .
the gk algorithm discovers the whole set of mappings of a given query graph to the network in two major steps .	the gk algorithm discover the whole set of mappings of a given query graph to the network in two major steps .
basically , each and every fortnight your nose becomes another shade greener .	basically , each and every fortnight your nose become another shade greener .
the public perception of particular topics also changes with time .	the public perception of particular topics also change with time .
from this , it can be concluded that mutant p63α isotopes seem to play a major role in the pathogenesis of eec syndrome .	from this , it can be concluded that mutant p63α isotopes seems to play a major role in the pathogenesis of eec syndrome .
the dessert is usually served by cutting it into slices at a 45-degree angle , so bands of chocolate and cream are visible across each slice .	the dessert is usually served by cutting it into slices at a 45-degree angle , so bands of chocolate and cream is visible across each slice .
if people in good faith are willing to argue it is not blp , there must be a discussion that lasts the full time so consensus can be judged .	if people in good faith is willing to argue it is not blp , there must be a discussion that lasts the full time so consensus can be judged .
this cationic species has been heavily studied in an effort to understand the intimate details of inner sphere electron transfer , that is , how electrons move from one metal complex to another .	this cationic species has been heavily studied in an effort to understand the intimate details of inner sphere electron transfer , that is , how electrons moves from one metal complex to another .
groceries , furniture and even dental treatment are on offer in nabi elyas , which is packed with cars from israel , especially during weekends .	groceries , furniture and even dental treatment is on offer in nabi elyas , which is packed with cars from israel , especially during weekends .
the major donors involved in the water and sanitation sector are japanese jica , german kfw , and cabei , the central american bank for economic integration .	the major donors involved in the water and sanitation sector is japanese jica , german kfw , and cabei , the central american bank for economic integration .
four fully glazed internal courtyards , each unique in character , provide ample daylight to the center of the building and a fluent border between community spaces and museum spaces .	four fully glazed internal courtyards , each unique in character , provides ample daylight to the center of the building and a fluent border between community spaces and museum spaces .
the atocha station is really a railway complex , formed by the madrid atocha cercanías and madrid puerta de atocha stations of the spanish national railways and the atocha renfe station of the madrid underground .	the atocha station are really a railway complex , formed by the madrid atocha cercanías and madrid puerta de atocha stations of the spanish national railways and the atocha renfe station of the madrid underground .
factors that influence the length of the asymptomatic stage include the pathogenicity of the infecting virus and fiv subtype ( a-e ) , the age of the cat , and exposure to other pathogens .	factors that influence the length of the asymptomatic stage includes the pathogenicity of the infecting virus and fiv subtype ( a-e ) , the age of the cat , and exposure to other pathogens .
work begins on the new dlr station at langdon park .	work begin on the new dlr station at langdon park .
areas of study within the hospitality institute include hospitality and tourism management , culinary arts , hospitality studies , tourism and travel , catering , and 'the homemaker programme ' .	areas of study within the hospitality institute includes hospitality and tourism management , culinary arts , hospitality studies , tourism and travel , catering , and 'the homemaker programme ' .
the exact circumstances surrounding the incident are still unknown .	the exact circumstances surrounding the incident is still unknown .
all the factors of production ( land , labour and capital ) create wealth and add value ; they are all `` productive '' .	all the factors of production ( land , labour and capital ) creates wealth and add value ; they are all `` productive '' .
articles with a list as their primary focus have a separate review process to the usual good article or featured article process .	articles with a list as their primary focus has a separate review process to the usual good article or featured article process .
although the original known published concept dates back to the 1990s , business continuity planning ( bcp ) and disaster recovery specialists today continue to use the 7 tiers to illustrate continuity capabilities and costs at a very high level .	although the original known published concept dates back to the 1990s , business continuity planning ( bcp ) and disaster recovery specialists today continues to use the 7 tiers to illustrate continuity capabilities and costs at a very high level .
his reasons for dismissing this example contained on the talk page are frankly specious .	his reasons for dismissing this example contained on the talk page is frankly specious .
the windows in the square tower include a partly blocked venetian window .	the windows in the square tower includes a partly blocked venetian window .
the various lines of the family have different heraldic colours ( tinctures ) in the arms .	the various lines of the family has different heraldic colours ( tinctures ) in the arms .
when i try to `` find '' a string , the scroll-bar ends up so positioned that the string i 'm searching for is on the lowest line in the window .	when i try to `` find '' a string , the scroll-bar ends up so positioned that the string i 'm searching for are on the lowest line in the window .
proponents of this approach argue that it is possible to sequence the whole genome at once using large arrays of sequencers , which makes the whole process much more efficient than more traditional approaches .	proponents of this approach argues that it is possible to sequence the whole genome at once using large arrays of sequencers , which makes the whole process much more efficient than more traditional approaches .
the historical bridge , called `` uzunköprü '' ( the `` long bridge '' ) , is still in use today , however one arch is not visible due to sedimentation .	the historical bridge , called `` uzunköprü '' ( the `` long bridge '' ) , is still in use today , however one arch are not visible due to sedimentation .
notable religious buildings of historic origin still in use include york minster , the largest gothic cathedral in northern europe , beverley minster , bradford cathedral and ripon cathedral .	notable religious buildings of historic origin still in use includes york minster , the largest gothic cathedral in northern europe , beverley minster , bradford cathedral and ripon cathedral .
significant towns immediately outside the boundary of the national park include barrow-in-furness , kendal , ulverston , cockermouth , penrith , and grange-over-sands ; each of these has important economic links with the area .	significant towns immediately outside the boundary of the national park includes barrow-in-furness , kendal , ulverston , cockermouth , penrith , and grange-over-sands ; each of these has important economic links with the area .
such a burst mode transmitter is able to turn on and off in short time .	such a burst mode transmitter are able to turn on and off in short time .
since the beginning of the information age , businesses need all types of data on their business activity .	since the beginning of the information age , businesses needs all types of data on their business activity .
the road continues another north to deersville as county road 21 ( mallarnee road ) .	the road continue another north to deersville as county road 21 ( mallarnee road ) .
several other hot lanes across various state highway are also either currently under construction or in the planning stages .	several other hot lanes across various state highway is also either currently under construction or in the planning stages .
this relationship takes evidence in a variety of skeletal features .	this relationship take evidence in a variety of skeletal features .
as a result of this and other conversions , the original interior layout , as well as that of the surrounding gardens , is no longer in evidence .	as a result of this and other conversions , the original interior layout , as well as that of the surrounding gardens , are no longer in evidence .
the result is n't a perfect 3d input box , but should provide decent results for everyone , regardless of browser , color settings , and resolution .	the result are n't a perfect 3d input box , but should provide decent results for everyone , regardless of browser , color settings , and resolution .
errors and source code are accessible only to the administrator , who can search and retrieve errors by date or client-ip .	errors and source code is accessible only to the administrator , who can search and retrieve errors by date or client-ip .
honestly , people 's standards today are just too high .	honestly , people 's standards today is just too high .
all fields except for name , format , and owner are optional and will be hidden when not used ; when values are entered for the relevant parameters , the fields will automatically appear .	all fields except for name , format , and owner is optional and will be hidden when not used ; when values are entered for the relevant parameters , the fields will automatically appear .
the salivary glands ( element 30 in numbered diagram ) in an insect 's mouth produce saliva .	the salivary glands ( element 30 in numbered diagram ) in an insect 's mouth produces saliva .
the meaning of words gets a bit more complicated .	the meaning of words get a bit more complicated .
tangible elements of brand management include the product itself ; look , price , the packaging , etc .	tangible elements of brand management includes the product itself ; look , price , the packaging , etc .
vaguely exegetical , it holds that the fluid nature of ideas , words , and communications leaves them fundamentally baseless , and possibly unable to support logic and reason .	vaguely exegetical , it holds that the fluid nature of ideas , words , and communications leave them fundamentally baseless , and possibly unable to support logic and reason .
in some dialects ( such as those spoken in the western palatinate and parts of the rhineland ) , the article used with women 's and girls ' names is not the feminine , but the neuter article .	in some dialects ( such as those spoken in the western palatinate and parts of the rhineland ) , the article used with women 's and girls ' names are not the feminine , but the neuter article .
the range of colors , sizes and shapes is far wider than in those grown or sold in africa , europe or the americas .	the range of colors , sizes and shapes are far wider than in those grown or sold in africa , europe or the americas .
concrete filters are the most widespread type of biosand filter , consisting of a durable outer core structure of concrete .	concrete filters is the most widespread type of biosand filter , consisting of a durable outer core structure of concrete .
presumably the idea is that editors who do n't actually know about the issue at hand are more likely to be persuadable by vague generalities william m .	presumably the idea is that editors who do n't actually know about the issue at hand is more likely to be persuadable by vague generalities william m .
the time signature changes at least once in every song and there are numerous breakdowns and tempo changes in every song .	the time signature changes at least once in every song and there is numerous breakdowns and tempo changes in every song .
the top players of each instrumental section are eligible to audition for the all virginia band and orchestra .	the top players of each instrumental section is eligible to audition for the all virginia band and orchestra .
larger installations especially , where garbage hauling is a major and expensive operation , currently have economic and legislative incentives to move towards operating own converters .	larger installations especially , where garbage hauling is a major and expensive operation , currently has economic and legislative incentives to move towards operating own converters .
the park also has its own costumed mascots which follows on from disney 's theory of character costuming regarding entertainment for younger guests .	the park also have its own costumed mascots which follows on from disney 's theory of character costuming regarding entertainment for younger guests .
interactions between groundwater and surface water are complex .	interactions between groundwater and surface water is complex .
the common theme of the contents is the art of chivalry , a fitting subject for a military commander such as the talbot , earl of shrewsbury , who commissioned the work , but perhaps not entirely suitable for a queen .	the common theme of the contents are the art of chivalry , a fitting subject for a military commander such as the talbot , earl of shrewsbury , who commissioned the work , but perhaps not entirely suitable for a queen .
the method stands in contrast to the live drop , so called because two persons meet to exchange items or information .	the method stand in contrast to the live drop , so called because two persons meet to exchange items or information .
the team that scores the most goals in three minutes is the winner .	the team that scores the most goals in three minutes are the winner .
the advantage of gray codes in these applications is that differences in the propagation delays of the many wires that represent the bits of the code can not cause the received value to go through states that are out of the gray code sequence .	the advantage of gray codes in these applications are that differences in the propagation delays of the many wires that represent the bits of the code can not cause the received value to go through states that are out of the gray code sequence .
questions not expressly regulated by the convention continue to be governed by the rules of customary international law .	questions not expressly regulated by the convention continues to be governed by the rules of customary international law .
the purpose of blocks and bans is not to punish people but to protect wikipedia .	the purpose of blocks and bans are not to punish people but to protect wikipedia .
canal walls made of stone still stand near muncy , while other canal and lock remnants are preserved near lock haven .	canal walls made of stone still stands near muncy , while other canal and lock remnants are preserved near lock haven .
ipf arranges bi-annual delegations to the middle east in which american leaders meet with heads-of-state , diplomats , scholars and analysts throughout the region .	ipf arranges bi-annual delegations to the middle east in which american leaders meets with heads-of-state , diplomats , scholars and analysts throughout the region .
stronger acids , for example sulfuric or phosphoric acid , have larger dissociation constants ; weaker acids , like acetic acid , have smaller dissociation constants .	stronger acids , for example sulfuric or phosphoric acid , has larger dissociation constants ; weaker acids , like acetic acid , have smaller dissociation constants .
the story element in which characters transform into weapons is an expansion on the idea of weapons being personified , which ōkubo frequently saw in other fictional stories .	the story element in which characters transform into weapons are an expansion on the idea of weapons being personified , which ōkubo frequently saw in other fictional stories .
other notable screenings of the movie include the art of sounds festival in belgrade , serbia on december 25 , 2008 .	other notable screenings of the movie includes the art of sounds festival in belgrade , serbia on december 25 , 2008 .
the story has been used by creationists and fringe theorists as evidence that conventional models of geology or the length of the human presence on earth are wrong .	the story has been used by creationists and fringe theorists as evidence that conventional models of geology or the length of the human presence on earth is wrong .
when a new night market street develops , the initial response is not always positive-they are thought to be noisy and the customers often leave trash behind that the owners of the daytime stores must deal with .	when a new night market street develops , the initial response is not always positive-they are thought to be noisy and the customers often leaves trash behind that the owners of the daytime stores must deal with .
another reason schools play for the shield is the venues that they play in .	another reason schools play for the shield are the venues that they play in .
basic models usually have thirteen rods , but the number of rods on practical or standard models often increases to 21 , 23 , 27 or even 31 , thus allowing calculation of more digits or representations of several different numbers at the same time .	basic models usually have thirteen rods , but the number of rods on practical or standard models often increase to 21 , 23 , 27 or even 31 , thus allowing calculation of more digits or representations of several different numbers at the same time .
the simplest examples of angle strain are small cycloalkanes such as cyclopropane and cyclobutane , which are discussed below .	the simplest examples of angle strain is small cycloalkanes such as cyclopropane and cyclobutane , which are discussed below .
dcv 's response `` pharlap 's complaints about the copyright notice are flimsy and downright ridiculous .	dcv 's response `` pharlap 's complaints about the copyright notice is flimsy and downright ridiculous .
symptoms of dust pneumonia include high fever , chest pain , difficulty in breathing , and coughing .	symptoms of dust pneumonia includes high fever , chest pain , difficulty in breathing , and coughing .
so the only people that get mail through our zip code are those who have a post office box in the post office .	so the only people that get mail through our zip code is those who have a post office box in the post office .
boys who score a half century or a hat trick in cricket receive a cricket ball in chapel .	boys who score a half century or a hat trick in cricket receives a cricket ball in chapel .
patches of rain forest , however , occur in the gwagwa plains , especially in the rugged terrain to the south southeastern parts of the territory , where a landscape of gullies and rough terrain is found .	patches of rain forest , however , occurs in the gwagwa plains , especially in the rugged terrain to the south southeastern parts of the territory , where a landscape of gullies and rough terrain is found .
i believe that what people call god is something in all of us .	i believe that what people calls god is something in all of us .
honestly i doubt even most scientific resources contain such videos , at least those available publicly in the western world .	honestly i doubt even most scientific resources contains such videos , at least those available publicly in the western world .
examples of this type of project include the linux kernel , the firefox web browser and the apache openoffice office suite of tools .	examples of this type of project includes the linux kernel , the firefox web browser and the apache openoffice office suite of tools .
the second has a bit more coverage of him , but not much .	the second have a bit more coverage of him , but not much .
programs of high interest include criminal justice , nursing , early childcare , marketing , and culinary arts .	programs of high interest includes criminal justice , nursing , early childcare , marketing , and culinary arts .
the practice of certain institutions of prohibiting or forbidding unconventional styles or practices is not necessarily discrimination and should therefore not be treated as such nor should it be submitted to the same legal scrutiny as legitimate discrimination .	the practice of certain institutions of prohibiting or forbidding unconventional styles or practices are not necessarily discrimination and should therefore not be treated as such nor should it be submitted to the same legal scrutiny as legitimate discrimination .
administrative costs for health care are also higher in the united states than in canada .	administrative costs for health care is also higher in the united states than in canada .
the internet has made it easy for kooks , crooks , and crackpots to set themselves up as experts and claim to be equal if not better sources of vital information than are recogized authorities .	the internet has made it easy for kooks , crooks , and crackpots to set themselves up as experts and claim to be equal if not better sources of vital information than is recogized authorities .
the ferry crossing for cars , buses and humans is a memorable experience for city dwellers .	the ferry crossing for cars , buses and humans are a memorable experience for city dwellers .
the products of the first stage , in the west , are now mostly buried apart from small pantelleritic lava outcrops .	the products of the first stage , in the west , is now mostly buried apart from small pantelleritic lava outcrops .
the memorandum dated 19 may 1873 , announced , '' the king is now at matailobau , and has in conjunction with the chiefs assembled there , determined to go through viti levu .	the memorandum dated 19 may 1873 , announced , '' the king are now at matailobau , and has in conjunction with the chiefs assembled there , determined to go through viti levu .
the criteria for a canonical coronation of a religious image are ; ( a ) there must be widespread devotion around the image ; and ( b ) the image must have proven antiquity .	the criteria for a canonical coronation of a religious image is ; ( a ) there must be widespread devotion around the image ; and ( b ) the image must have proven antiquity .
the most common applications for modern rope access include inspection , surveying , maintenance , and construction on bridges , dams , wind turbines , towers , buildings , geologic slopes , and industrial plants .	the most common applications for modern rope access includes inspection , surveying , maintenance , and construction on bridges , dams , wind turbines , towers , buildings , geologic slopes , and industrial plants .
the first floor rooms in the east wing and most of the west wing are not open to the public , having been converted into accommodation for the national trust staff who live on site .	the first floor rooms in the east wing and most of the west wing is not open to the public , having been converted into accommodation for the national trust staff who live on site .
negotiations for the establishment of a venture fund are ongoing , while both the university and the csir have subscribed to the formation of the new department of trade and industry innovation fund .	negotiations for the establishment of a venture fund is ongoing , while both the university and the csir have subscribed to the formation of the new department of trade and industry innovation fund .
in gothic fiction , the outcome is not always the positive reinforcement of morals that the novel of manners offers .	in gothic fiction , the outcome are not always the positive reinforcement of morals that the novel of manners offers .
unique problems that are inherent to the space environment include the effects of radiation , exposure and physiological adaptation to low gravity .	unique problems that are inherent to the space environment includes the effects of radiation , exposure and physiological adaptation to low gravity .
for instance , positions in which a bishop and knight can be exchanged for a rook and pawn are fairly common ( see diagram ) .	for instance , positions in which a bishop and knight can be exchanged for a rook and pawn is fairly common ( see diagram ) .
evensong ( bcp holy communion on 3rd sunday of month ) events in the church include the coffee shop that is open three days a week during the summer ; tuesday , wednesday and thursday from 9 .	evensong ( bcp holy communion on 3rd sunday of month ) events in the church includes the coffee shop that is open three days a week during the summer ; tuesday , wednesday and thursday from 9 .
the lead is slightly on the side of puffery .	the lead are slightly on the side of puffery .
the album is a paranoiac soundtrack to an imaginary giallo horror film .	the album are a paranoiac soundtrack to an imaginary giallo horror film .
minor updates since the most recent print edition are available online .	minor updates since the most recent print edition is available online .
while the dates produced by this technique are often imprecise , and vary from method to method , the technique can provide an indication of the relative age of appearances .	while the dates produced by this technique is often imprecise , and vary from method to method , the technique can provide an indication of the relative age of appearances .
the edits clearly are reverts - 3 of them are marked as such .	the edits clearly is reverts - 3 of them are marked as such .
his radio plays include snow ( adapted from the novel by orhan pamuk ) and sugar and snow by samantha ellis .	his radio play include snow ( adapted from the novel by orhan pamuk ) and sugar and snow by samantha ellis .
the sequence of events and circumstances leads me to suspect the first of these .	the sequence of events and circumstances lead me to suspect the first of these .
the time derivative of the kinematics equations yields the jacobian of the robot , which relates the joint rates to the linear and angular velocity of the end-effector .	the time derivative of the kinematics equations yield the jacobian of the robot , which relates the joint rates to the linear and angular velocity of the end-effector .
one characteristic by which domestic and feral animals are differentiated is their coats .	one characteristic by which domestic and feral animals are differentiated are their coats .
other significant settlements in size include deanshanger , bugbrooke , roade , king 's sutton , silverstone and middleton cheney .	other significant settlements in size includes deanshanger , bugbrooke , roade , king 's sutton , silverstone and middleton cheney .
comment there is also opposition to the movement .	comment there are also opposition to the movement .
the performing arts , broadly dance , music and theatre are key elements of culture and engage participants at a number of levels .	the performing arts , broadly dance , music and theatre is key elements of culture and engage participants at a number of levels .
i am not convinced that this event meets the notability criteria .	i am not convinced that this event meet the notability criteria .
occasionally , her children and husband go to visit her .	occasionally , her children and husband goes to visit her .
that thing needs a lot of work .	that thing need a lot of work .
although the term generosity often goes hand-in-hand with charity , many people in the public 's eye want recognition for their good deeds .	although the term generosity often goes hand-in-hand with charity , many people in the public 's eye wants recognition for their good deeds .
many express buses from the north or the south also use fifth and madison avenues .	many express buses from the north or the south also uses fifth and madison avenues .
primary industries such as agriculture and fishing play an important role in the local economy .	primary industries such as agriculture and fishing plays an important role in the local economy .
the main difference between these two provisions is the mens rea , a specific intent being regarded as more culpable than recklessness or negligence .	the main difference between these two provisions are the mens rea , a specific intent being regarded as more culpable than recklessness or negligence .
the main ponds in the town are post pond , pout pond , trout pond , cummins pond , and reservoir pond .	the main ponds in the town is post pond , pout pond , trout pond , cummins pond , and reservoir pond .
i think the cases of the rare isotope or small town or minor royal are ideal for merging and presenting in the context of an article which actually gives some context to the subject .	i think the cases of the rare isotope or small town or minor royal is ideal for merging and presenting in the context of an article which actually gives some context to the subject .
the nominator 's argument is persuasive , particularly given the example of the portguese wikipedia .	the nominator 's argument are persuasive , particularly given the example of the portguese wikipedia .
the instinct of a major editor of course is that the article is perfect and fa to be put on display , but in general i think it should be left unprotected to allow new editors to improve it .	the instinct of a major editor of course is that the article are perfect and fa to be put on display , but in general i think it should be left unprotected to allow new editors to improve it .
how he interpreted this to mean the exact opposite is beyond me .	how he interpreted this to mean the exact opposite are beyond me .
the hairs on the rump are long and slender , but there are no spines , such as are present on the otherwise very similar rock pocket mouse .	the hairs on the rump is long and slender , but there are no spines , such as are present on the otherwise very similar rock pocket mouse .
in his post-game comments , flyers head coach terry murray was quoted as saying the team was `` basically in a choking situation , '' which many writers , broadcasters , fans as well as flyers management took to mean murray called out his own players as chokers .	in his post-game comments , flyers heads coach terry murray was quoted as saying the team was `` basically in a choking situation , '' which many writers , broadcasters , fans as well as flyers management took to mean murray called out his own players as chokers .
musicians credited with playing the music for the film are ben freed on banjo , mieczyslaw litwinski on jew 's harp and guitar and yodeling by john r .	musicians credited with playing the music for the film is ben freed on banjo , mieczyslaw litwinski on jew 's harp and guitar and yodeling by john r .
the amount of points earned depends on the strength of the competition as well as how well the fencer did .	the amount of points earned depend on the strength of the competition as well as how well the fencer did .
xv for german sales , the thresholds in the table are for singles released from january 1 , 2003 .	xv for german sales , the thresholds in the table is for singles released from january 1 , 2003 .
the sheer size of the headings on these tables is a bit crazy , and entirely unnecessary .	the sheer size of the headings on these tables are a bit crazy , and entirely unnecessary .
exceptions to this building moratorium include a media center , amphitheater facilities for classes and workshops , and a village for coaches and athletes .	exceptions to this building moratorium includes a media center , amphitheater facilities for classes and workshops , and a village for coaches and athletes .
the implication that patches are not required for appliances is less accurate than the implication that vendors will be less apt to provide swift modular patches without complete reimaging of the devices .	the implication that patches are not required for appliances are less accurate than the implication that vendors will be less apt to provide swift modular patches without complete reimaging of the devices .
closing volume ( cv ) ; the amount of air remaining in the lungs when the flow from the lower sections of the lungs becomes severely reduced or halts altogether during expiration as the small airways begin to close .	closing volume ( cv ) ; the amount of air remaining in the lungs when the flow from the lower sections of the lungs become severely reduced or halts altogether during expiration as the small airways begin to close .
tools for chalk carving are numerous .	tools for chalk carving is numerous .
a reverse walkthrough is a confirmation that the consumers of a technical product have the same understanding as the author of that product .	a reverse walkthrough is a confirmation that the consumers of a technical product has the same understanding as the author of that product .
the center provides ged preparation and job-readiness training to low-income individuals .	the center provide ged preparation and job-readiness training to low-income individuals .
the court concurred with their argument that the bundestag ( the federal parliament ) can not pass such a law , because the german constitution explicitly states that affairs of education are the sole responsibility of the states and declared in july 2004 the law to be invalid .	the court concurred with their argument that the bundestag ( the federal parliament ) can not pass such a law , because the german constitution explicitly states that affairs of education is the sole responsibility of the states and declared in july 2004 the law to be invalid .
the main sign in animals is oral disease appearing as mucosal vesicles and ulcers in the mouth , but also on the udder and around the coronary band .	the main sign in animals are oral disease appearing as mucosal vesicles and ulcers in the mouth , but also on the udder and around the coronary band .
the mail zip code is 14012 .	the mail zip code are 14012 .
global networks for transportation and communication now connect the nations of the world within a common unified social fabric for sea and air travel , telecommunications , weather reporting and information exchange .	global networks for transportation and communication now connects the nations of the world within a common unified social fabric for sea and air travel , telecommunications , weather reporting and information exchange .
the last two lines of the military service section have no source , please add a source for the material or remove it forthwith .	the last two lines of the military service section has no source , please add a source for the material or remove it forthwith .
you need to consider what the most important elements of the game are , and analyse what critics thought of it .	you need to consider what the most important elements of the game is , and analyse what critics thought of it .
the main sources of income for the festival are public grants , sponsorship and ticket sales .	the main sources of income for the festival is public grants , sponsorship and ticket sales .
other examples of commercial use for transport and distribution include rattan stored in specially built sheds on river docks depend on large klotoks to transport the palms to the timber port town of sampit .	other examples of commercial use for transport and distribution includes rattan stored in specially built sheds on river docks depend on large klotoks to transport the palms to the timber port town of sampit .
the two ends of a train carriage are co-moving , so the distance must be contracted , so the train carriage must be shortened .	the two ends of a train carriage is co-moving , so the distance must be contracted , so the train carriage must be shortened .
ernest hardy of rolling stone found the album to have `` no duds '' and stated , `` unlike his neosoul brethren , [ hunt ] wraps his seamlessly quilted voice around wry , off-kilter lyrics ; his skewed views on love and life are wholly his .	ernest hardy of rolling stone found the album to have `` no duds '' and stated , `` unlike his neosoul brethren , [ hunt ] wraps his seamlessly quilted voice around wry , off-kilter lyrics ; his skewed views on love and life is wholly his .
the city has many distinct neighborhoods .	the city have many distinct neighborhoods .
the views of the bay and the landscape behind it appear to be a continuation of the garden in the distance .	the views of the bay and the landscape behind it appears to be a continuation of the garden in the distance .
ultimately , at this time , the only process by which administrators are subjected to corrective measures with some genuine teeth is at the arbitration committee .	ultimately , at this time , the only process by which administrators are subjected to corrective measures with some genuine teeth are at the arbitration committee .
ironically , this article itself is probably the best place to find reliable information on julie-su .	ironically , this article itself are probably the best place to find reliable information on julie-su .
this category includes articles related to the culture and history of dutch americans in pennsylvania .	this category include articles related to the culture and history of dutch americans in pennsylvania .
the project aims to help people who are unable to get credit from banks , especially women .	the project aim to help people who are unable to get credit from banks , especially women .
australian data sheet for patients adds .	australian data sheet for patients add .
the activities on the critical path by definition have a slack of zero ; however , it is always a good idea to check the math anyway when drawing by hand .	the activities on the critical path by definition has a slack of zero ; however , it is always a good idea to check the math anyway when drawing by hand .
leaving aside other concerns on the issue , excessive quotations and brilliant prose are mutually exclusive .	leaving aside other concerns on the issue , excessive quotations and brilliant prose is mutually exclusive .
this large angle significantly stretches , and thus demonstrates excellent flexibility of , the hamstring and iliopsoas muscles .	this large angle significantly stretch , and thus demonstrates excellent flexibility of , the hamstring and iliopsoas muscles .
the aim of the following guidelines is to clarify what are considered appropriate responses .	the aim of the following guidelines are to clarify what are considered appropriate responses .
carl smith 's study in late 1960s on the protected women seems , to some degree , support ernest john eitel 's theory .	carl smith 's study in late 1960s on the protected women seem , to some degree , support ernest john eitel 's theory .
while other issues , such as the popularity and impact on popular culture have an impact , generally a restaurant chain becomes notable if there are enough individual locations that knowledge of the chain 's existence is very widespread .	while other issues , such as the popularity and impact on popular culture has an impact , generally a restaurant chain becomes notable if there are enough individual locations that knowledge of the chain 's existence is very widespread .
with the use of printed rfid tags , retailers are now able to track inventory at the item level , scan the tag , and know the location .	with the use of printed rfid tags , retailers is now able to track inventory at the item level , scan the tag , and know the location .
the unavoidable associations with urine and anus are unfortunate , to say the least .	the unavoidable associations with urine and anus is unfortunate , to say the least .
records for a given calendar day are somewhat trivial because there are so many days during the hot ( or cold ) season .	records for a given calendar day is somewhat trivial because there are so many days during the hot ( or cold ) season .
so sutter home ( and most producers today ) grow grapes specifically for use in white zinfandel , in places like the central valley of california .	so sutter home ( and most producers today ) grows grapes specifically for use in white zinfandel , in places like the central valley of california .
other metals that the company mines include copper and silver .	other metals that the company mines includes copper and silver .
the tower dates from about 1500 , however the south porch and vestry are much more recent , dating from 1841 .	the tower dates from about 1500 , however the south porch and vestry is much more recent , dating from 1841 .
the order in which arguments to functions and operands to most operators are evaluated is unspecified .	the order in which arguments to functions and operands to most operators are evaluated are unspecified .
dead people are all on the same level .	dead people is all on the same level .
the game is a `` fight the alien invaders '' type that appears to reconfigure itself to get harder as the player gets better .	the game is a `` fight the alien invaders '' type that appears to reconfigure itself to get harder as the player get better .
this category is for baseball at cowley county community college .	this category are for baseball at cowley county community college .
current understanding is that free-living males die after a few months if they do not attach to a female .	current understanding are that free-living males die after a few months if they do not attach to a female .
real estate taxes that are levied on a per lot or per unit basis are another example ; some condominium fees could be regarded as having most of the characteristics of a lump sum tax ( other than being avoidable by not owning property in a condominium ) .	real estate taxes that are levied on a per lot or per unit basis is another example ; some condominium fees could be regarded as having most of the characteristics of a lump sum tax ( other than being avoidable by not owning property in a condominium ) .
minute differences in the gas ratio indicate the presence of certain gastric or liver diseases , including gastroparesis , liver failure , fatty liver and liver cancer .	minute differences in the gas ratio indicates the presence of certain gastric or liver diseases , including gastroparesis , liver failure , fatty liver and liver cancer .
this is a wrist about which the three axes of the wrist , controlling yaw , pitch , and roll , all pass through a common point .	this is a wrist about which the three axes of the wrist , controlling yaw , pitch , and roll , all passes through a common point .
the issue regarding citations really seems to be mostly placement of them .	the issue regarding citations really seem to be mostly placement of them .
in general , radiation patterns which are reproduced on every round-trip of the light through the resonator are the most stable , and these are the eigenmodes , known as the modes , of the resonator .	in general , radiation patterns which are reproduced on every round-trip of the light through the resonator is the most stable , and these are the eigenmodes , known as the modes , of the resonator .
the court held that white pages are not copyrightable because of a lack of originality ; they are merely an alphabetical list of facts .	the court held that white pages is not copyrightable because of a lack of originality ; they are merely an alphabetical list of facts .
while oil refiners have been producing coke for well over 100 years , the mechanisms that cause sponge coke or shot coke to form are not well understood and can not be accurately predicted .	while oil refiners have been producing coke for well over 100 years , the mechanisms that cause sponge coke or shot coke to form is not well understood and can not be accurately predicted .
list of atheists , at least , is in reference to and an offshoot of an article , atheist .	list of atheists , at least , are in reference to and an offshoot of an article , atheist .
another plaque refers to the addition of a vestry in 1726 , and the church 's rebuilding in 1826 .	another plaque refer to the addition of a vestry in 1726 , and the church 's rebuilding in 1826 .
the first all-sound film version of show boat opens at radio city music hall .	the first all-sound film version of show boat open at radio city music hall .
marlborough road wall of the house commemorates queen alexandra , and the grounds of the house include her pet cemetery and a thatch-roofed rotating summer house built for queen mary .	marlborough road wall of the house commemorates queen alexandra , and the grounds of the house includes her pet cemetery and a thatch-roofed rotating summer house built for queen mary .
the only actual association that i am affiliated with is the canadian institute of mining , metallurgy and petroleum , at least i was until my membership lapsed ( which i guess means i will stop receiving their magazine ) .	the only actual association that i am affiliated with are the canadian institute of mining , metallurgy and petroleum , at least i was until my membership lapsed ( which i guess means i will stop receiving their magazine ) .
and i believe that the that longer time between generations of larger organisms also plays a role .	and i believe that the that longer time between generations of larger organisms also play a role .
meanwhile , a conspiracy between some conservative party members and the military leads to a coup d'état , and the military takes control of the country .	meanwhile , a conspiracy between some conservative party members and the military lead to a coup d'état , and the military takes control of the country .
the content of his speeches leads in a direct line to the progressive reforms adopted by 20th century democrats .	the content of his speeches lead in a direct line to the progressive reforms adopted by 20th century democrats .
elements of rock art also pertain to the upper paleolithic ( 40 , 000 to 10 , 000 years b .	elements of rock art also pertains to the upper paleolithic ( 40 , 000 to 10 , 000 years b .
the company 's customers in the airport vehicle management market include american eagle airlines and american airlines .	the company 's customers in the airport vehicle management market includes american eagle airlines and american airlines .
for example , the collection of all binary strings that contain exactly 3 ones is a language over the binary alphabet .	for example , the collection of all binary strings that contain exactly 3 ones are a language over the binary alphabet .
as previously stated , all listed characters are generation 3 models , but in this case created in the basic age ranges of childhood .	as previously stated , all listed characters is generation 3 models , but in this case created in the basic age ranges of childhood .
the two bays to the right of the building are a matching addition , designed by g .	the two bays to the right of the building is a matching addition , designed by g .
the difference between primitive and other tasks is that the primitive actions can be directly executed .	the difference between primitive and other tasks are that the primitive actions can be directly executed .
i can not see how an image of the two characters shaking hands significantly adds to reader 's understanding .	i can not see how an image of the two characters shaking hands significantly add to reader 's understanding .
the only polls which suggest such support are those commissioned by the truthers , a form of confirmation bias observed in many opinion polls .	the only polls which suggest such support is those commissioned by the truthers , a form of confirmation bias observed in many opinion polls .
because of this , it has limited ability to make large loans to worthy clients , which means that expansion of the businesses is not as great as it could be , and stifles economic growth .	because of this , it has limited ability to make large loans to worthy clients , which means that expansion of the businesses are not as great as it could be , and stifles economic growth .
beauty is , indeed , in the eye of the beholder , and the eyes of the world today are quite capable of seeing past skin color .	beauty is , indeed , in the eye of the beholder , and the eyes of the world today is quite capable of seeing past skin color .
though cedar is a popular bedding material and has been shown to repel insects , such as fleas , the chemicals naturally found in the wood appear to cause respiratory issues and changes to the enzymes in the liver of small animals .	though cedar is a popular bedding material and has been shown to repel insects , such as fleas , the chemicals naturally found in the wood appears to cause respiratory issues and changes to the enzymes in the liver of small animals .
some lemurs exhibit female philopatry , where females stay within their natal range and the males migrate upon reaching maturity , and in other species both sexes will migrate .	some lemurs exhibits female philopatry , where females stay within their natal range and the males migrate upon reaching maturity , and in other species both sexes will migrate .
through mergers , the main railroads in the area are now norfolk southern and csx .	through mergers , the main railroads in the area is now norfolk southern and csx .
premium bus stops may be located near bus priority measures such as bus queue jumps , bus lanes or transit lanes .	premium bus stop may be located near bus priority measures such as bus queue jumps , bus lanes or transit lanes .
for the case of spins arranged in a ring ( periodic boundary conditions ) the aklt construction yields a unique ground state .	for the case of spins arranged in a ring ( periodic boundary conditions ) the aklt construction yield a unique ground state .
the extant cantatas use woodwinds and strings , and it is possible that that the lost cantata was similarly scored , although the permanent band at köthen was a small one .	the extant cantatas uses woodwinds and strings , and it is possible that that the lost cantata was similarly scored , although the permanent band at köthen was a small one .
some artists make average or failed records , and some artists are only significant themselves for a single record .	some artists makes average or failed records , and some artists are only significant themselves for a single record .
the concepts of freedom , liberty , and democracy are prominent themes in all of his works , which were influential on the nicaraguan poet , rubén darío and the chilean poet , gabriela mistral .	the concepts of freedom , liberty , and democracy is prominent themes in all of his works , which were influential on the nicaraguan poet , rubén darío and the chilean poet , gabriela mistral .
a confrontation leads to bianca slapping liam .	a confrontation lead to bianca slapping liam .
however , due to the downsampling process the overall number of coefficients is still the same and there is no redundancy .	however , due to the downsampling process the overall number of coefficients are still the same and there is no redundancy .
short presses of the joystick fire button fire the standard lasers on the ship , and holding the button down for a longer time fires the super weapon ( if there is enough charge in the battery ) .	short presses of the joystick fire button fires the standard lasers on the ship , and holding the button down for a longer time fires the super weapon ( if there is enough charge in the battery ) .
the worlds ( in order of visitation ) are `` forest '' , `` workshops '' , `` fortesque mansion '' , and `` the cellars '' , each with its own dynamic industrial music score .	the worlds ( in order of visitation ) is `` forest '' , `` workshops '' , `` fortesque mansion '' , and `` the cellars '' , each with its own dynamic industrial music score .
raven 's board of directors includes david williams of friends of the nemaiah valley , lynn hunter and linda stanton .	raven 's board of directors include david williams of friends of the nemaiah valley , lynn hunter and linda stanton .
in women , the trapezial articular surface is significantly smaller than the metacarpal surface , and its shape also differs from that of males .	in women , the trapezial articular surface is significantly smaller than the metacarpal surface , and its shape also differ from that of males .
all railway-related services , like a ticket hall and a service desk , are present at the station and the station is staffed during the usual times of traffic .	all railway-related services , like a ticket hall and a service desk , is present at the station and the station is staffed during the usual times of traffic .
current ieah employees include hall of fame jockey gary stevens as a bloodstock agent and mike jarvis , basketball coach at florida atlantic university .	current ieah employees includes hall of fame jockey gary stevens as a bloodstock agent and mike jarvis , basketball coach at florida atlantic university .
well known locations for this kind of street performance include covent garden in london , faneuil hall in boston , outside the pump rooms in bath , prince 's street in edinburgh , outside the pompido centre in paris , circular quay in sydney .	well known locations for this kind of street performance includes covent garden in london , faneuil hall in boston , outside the pump rooms in bath , prince 's street in edinburgh , outside the pompido centre in paris , circular quay in sydney .
elang 's nightmares grow worse after he is told by the woman that men had raped and tortured her .	elang 's nightmares grows worse after he is told by the woman that men had raped and tortured her .
earthquakes with an epicenter closer to the surface generally are more violent and cause more damage .	earthquakes with an epicenter closer to the surface generally is more violent and cause more damage .
elevate i believe that copyright matters , especially those related to interpretation of copyright law , are not in the realm which can be possibly decided by consensus .	elevate i believe that copyright matters , especially those related to interpretation of copyright law , is not in the realm which can be possibly decided by consensus .
questions about religion and philosophy and myth are all perfectly appropriate for the ref desk , i agree .	questions about religion and philosophy and myth is all perfectly appropriate for the ref desk , i agree .
their league record of 21 goals conceded in 46 games is a football league record that stands today .	their league record of 21 goals conceded in 46 games are a football league record that stands today .
all calculators with the letter h or later as the last letter in the serial code have fewer ram pages , causing some programs to not run correctly .	all calculators with the letter h or later as the last letter in the serial code has fewer ram pages , causing some programs to not run correctly .
its style of eaves in gradual tiers resembles that of other tang pagodas , such as the small wild goose and giant wild goose pagodas .	its style of eaves in gradual tiers resemble that of other tang pagodas , such as the small wild goose and giant wild goose pagodas .
statements obtained in violation of this rule are a violation of a defendant 's fifth amendment rights .	statements obtained in violation of this rule is a violation of a defendant 's fifth amendment rights .
st andrew , northover , ilchester somerset the church stands close to the river yeo and on the site of an earlier roman building and associated cemetery next to the fosse way .	st andrew , northover , ilchester somerset the church stand close to the river yeo and on the site of an earlier roman building and associated cemetery next to the fosse way .
the intellectual flaw in marxism is that there was a sacred text to start off with ; the flaws in its application are flaws that would emerge in any such project , regardless of the context of the text .	the intellectual flaw in marxism is that there was a sacred text to start off with ; the flaws in its application is flaws that would emerge in any such project , regardless of the context of the text .
local restaurants and bars fuel a vibrant nightlife , while specialty shops and small business serve daytime needs .	local restaurants and bars fuel a vibrant nightlife , while specialty shops and small business serves daytime needs .
the key factor , however , in using these tools is the value of the message .	the key factor , however , in using these tools are the value of the message .
the counties comprising this region are genesee , livingston , monroe , ontario , orleans , wayne , and wyoming .	the counties comprising this region is genesee , livingston , monroe , ontario , orleans , wayne , and wyoming .
a revitalization effort , begun a few years ago , seeks funds to help restore the ailing structure , which suffers from the effects of weather , rot , deterioration , and a lack of maintenance funds .	a revitalization effort , begun a few years ago , seek funds to help restore the ailing structure , which suffers from the effects of weather , rot , deterioration , and a lack of maintenance funds .
many species in the parsley family have estrogenic properties , and some , such as wild carrot , have been found to work as abortifacients ( chemicals that terminate a pregnancy ) .	many species in the parsley family has estrogenic properties , and some , such as wild carrot , have been found to work as abortifacients ( chemicals that terminate a pregnancy ) .
hickory wood is very hard , stiff , dense and shock resistant .	hickory wood are very hard , stiff , dense and shock resistant .
people with strong faith know that it is important to clear their own hearts , while those with unsteady faith seek to find fault in the hearts and prayers of others .	people with strong faith knows that it is important to clear their own hearts , while those with unsteady faith seek to find fault in the hearts and prayers of others .
the worst threat to the species is the invasion of non-native plant species , such as ice plant ( carpobrotus edulis ) and natal grass ( melinis repens ) .	the worst threat to the species are the invasion of non-native plant species , such as ice plant ( carpobrotus edulis ) and natal grass ( melinis repens ) .
the village has a population of around 500 .	the village have a population of around 500 .
however , it seems to me that , even in this case , the chance they are going to be good contributors in video games is still higher than in other topics .	however , it seems to me that , even in this case , the chance they are going to be good contributors in video games are still higher than in other topics .
as usual , a few very sporadic vandals at a university are not grounds for blocking the whole thing , regardless of any perceived official backing they may have .	as usual , a few very sporadic vandals at a university is not grounds for blocking the whole thing , regardless of any perceived official backing they may have .
the primitive red and ochre murals in the nave date from the 13th century and are among the oldest in belgium .	the primitive red and ochre murals in the nave date from the 13th century and is among the oldest in belgium .
these windows , including the large west window have a predominance of red , pink , brown and green in the colours , with smaller areas of blue .	these windows , including the large west window has a predominance of red , pink , brown and green in the colours , with smaller areas of blue .
fraud was also rife during these times and in order to deter such dealings , it was suggested that users of the stock room pay an increased fee .	fraud was also rife during these times and in order to deter such dealings , it was suggested that users of the stock room pays an increased fee .
the purpose of these three methods is to allow greater open loop bandwidth while still maintaining amplifier closed loop stability .	the purpose of these three methods are to allow greater open loop bandwidth while still maintaining amplifier closed loop stability .
though democratically elected , the french president 's term lasts seven years , and his powers , ( with regard to his own country of course ) are immense .	though democratically elected , the french president 's term lasts seven years , and his powers , ( with regard to his own country of course ) is immense .
they would require discussion , but right now discussion is hardly possible .	they would require discussion , but right now discussion are hardly possible .
the issues with using tissue residue in risk assessment are similar to the disadvantages listed above .	the issues with using tissue residue in risk assessment is similar to the disadvantages listed above .
the building has a watertable of gray granite , a limestone-clad two-story plus mezzanine base , and a shaft of buff colored brick .	the building have a watertable of gray granite , a limestone-clad two-story plus mezzanine base , and a shaft of buff colored brick .
african tribal societies ) employ descent as the primary organizational principle .	african tribal societies ) employs descent as the primary organizational principle .
the see-write and hear-say conditions , however , remain in the same sensory domain and do not require translation into a different type of code .	the see-write and hear-say conditions , however , remains in the same sensory domain and do not require translation into a different type of code .
we must consider whether the available sources and the framing of the topic allow us to make a balanced and complete article .	we must consider whether the available sources and the framing of the topic allows us to make a balanced and complete article .
its precise origin , the major constituents of its features , remains uncertainly known and debatable .	its precise origin , the major constituents of its features , remain uncertainly known and debatable .
good trails and convenient access by road make seymour a local classic hiking area .	good trails and convenient access by road makes seymour a local classic hiking area .
likewise , their association , or relationship with nearby objects and features , needs to be recorded for later analysis .	likewise , their association , or relationship with nearby objects and features , need to be recorded for later analysis .
proponents of this convention argue that the purpose of castling is nullified by all files being equivalent , as they are on the cylinder .	proponents of this convention argues that the purpose of castling is nullified by all files being equivalent , as they are on the cylinder .
the rivers that flow from the glacier are hvítmaga to the north-east , gilsá to the south , þórólfsá to the south-west , valá to the north-west and blesá to the north .	the rivers that flow from the glacier is hvítmaga to the north-east , gilsá to the south , þórólfsá to the south-west , valá to the north-west and blesá to the north .
lizards that perform the courtship ritual have greater fecundity than those kept in isolation due to an increase in hormones triggered by the sexual behaviours .	lizards that perform the courtship ritual has greater fecundity than those kept in isolation due to an increase in hormones triggered by the sexual behaviours .
attempts to assert notability for one event for allegedly being the person to uncover a scandal regarding the fashion of the `` harry potter '' films , but no actual reliable sources in the fashion world seem to have picked this up ; i .	attempts to assert notability for one event for allegedly being the person to uncover a scandal regarding the fashion of the `` harry potter '' films , but no actual reliable sources in the fashion world seems to have picked this up ; i .
the quality of courses receives recognitions of iso9001 from the international organization for standardization and good training practice 10015 ( gtp10015 ) from sgs hknoah 's ark in ma wan parkthis is under the corporate venture project with sun hung kai properties ltd .	the quality of courses receive recognitions of iso9001 from the international organization for standardization and good training practice 10015 ( gtp10015 ) from sgs hknoah 's ark in ma wan parkthis is under the corporate venture project with sun hung kai properties ltd .
reciprocal lattices for the cubic crystal system are as follows .	reciprocal lattices for the cubic crystal system is as follows .
fox affiliates have news share agreements with abc- or nbc-affiliated stations in their respective markets .	fox affiliates has news share agreements with abc- or nbc-affiliated stations in their respective markets .
questions about the science behind the determination of sawdust being an environmental hazard remain for sawmill operators ( though this is mainly with finer particles ) , who compare wood residuals to dead trees in a forest .	questions about the science behind the determination of sawdust being an environmental hazard remains for sawmill operators ( though this is mainly with finer particles ) , who compare wood residuals to dead trees in a forest .
the attacks this community has received have their root on the high profitability of the lands they inhabit for the growing of agri-businesses and biofuel industry .	the attacks this community has received has their root on the high profitability of the lands they inhabit for the growing of agri-businesses and biofuel industry .
the native name is kalaṣa-alâ 'kalasha-language ' .	the native name are kalaṣa-alâ 'kalasha-language ' .
his association with wells seems ancient , and no doubt stems from the st chad 's well at lichfield , visited by pilgrims and probably the water supply of his monastery .	his association with wells seem ancient , and no doubt stems from the st chad 's well at lichfield , visited by pilgrims and probably the water supply of his monastery .
louis blues ; royal blue , orange and white are the team colors of the edmonton oilers .	louis blues ; royal blue , orange and white is the team colors of the edmonton oilers .
video projectors on the wall and floor show a two-channel video of cherry blossoms .	video projectors on the wall and floor shows a two-channel video of cherry blossoms .
the other articles for the most part lack this , and still have quality issues themselves .	the other articles for the most part lack this , and still has quality issues themselves .
some schools teach tension forms that develop power , of which there are about ten , and fist forms that train technique , of which there are dozens .	some schools teach tension forms that develop power , of which there are about ten , and fist forms that train technique , of which there is dozens .
i think it works as a list for now , but once the number of wineries with articles gets higher , half the list maybe , then turn it into a category .	i think it works as a list for now , but once the number of wineries with articles get higher , half the list maybe , then turn it into a category .
often , articles that go on and on describing the band 's style as a mix of such and such , or as being influenced by such and such popular band , tend to be written that way to hide a lack of notability .	often , articles that go on and on describing the band 's style as a mix of such and such , or as being influenced by such and such popular band , tends to be written that way to hide a lack of notability .
for instance , the set of local variables with known values is empty .	for instance , the set of local variables with known values are empty .
the claim that the russian media are spreading rumours is unreferenced , and the claims regarding the popularity of the subject appear to be original research .	the claim that the russian media are spreading rumours is unreferenced , and the claims regarding the popularity of the subject appears to be original research .
the building will be approximately tall ( the present building is high ) and will be accompanied with other secondary buildings on a landscaped site on the site of the former wholesale market in the eastern part of frankfurt am main .	the building will be approximately tall ( the present building are high ) and will be accompanied with other secondary buildings on a landscaped site on the site of the former wholesale market in the eastern part of frankfurt am main .
lifetime blocks are bad , and people change .	lifetime blocks is bad , and people change .
their ratings of help in this area are on average neutral , although they rated this topic more highly than any of the others .	their ratings of help in this area is on average neutral , although they rated this topic more highly than any of the others .
the dates of her life and death are unknown , but she was active in alexandria in the 3rd century or the 4th century .	the dates of her life and death is unknown , but she was active in alexandria in the 3rd century or the 4th century .
the custom of washing the hands before mass appears to go back to the early days of christianity ; the ceremony is expressly mentioned in the sacramentaries of the ninth and tenth centuries .	the custom of washing the hands before mass appear to go back to the early days of christianity ; the ceremony is expressly mentioned in the sacramentaries of the ninth and tenth centuries .
people engaged in the black market usually run their business hidden under a front business that is legal .	people engaged in the black market usually runs their business hidden under a front business that is legal .
another recording influenced by its surroundings , road eyes has a distinctively 'la sound ' , and features a guest appearance from brian aubert of silversun pickups on the single flashlight planetarium .	another recording influenced by its surroundings , road eyes have a distinctively 'la sound ' , and features a guest appearance from brian aubert of silversun pickups on the single flashlight planetarium .
both the naia and ncaa recognize that four years of college football play constitute the highest level of amateur sports competition in american football .	both the naia and ncaa recognize that four years of college football play constitutes the highest level of amateur sports competition in american football .
his other contributions to baseball research include the sabr style manual , an article on the fluctuating effectiveness ( aka `` streakiness '' ) of major league pitchers , and the creation of a 'dice ' ( defense-independent component era ) .	his other contributions to baseball research includes the sabr style manual , an article on the fluctuating effectiveness ( aka `` streakiness '' ) of major league pitchers , and the creation of a 'dice ' ( defense-independent component era ) .
as knowledge of the future invariably causes that future to change , watchers ' visions of the future in their direct sphere of influence are subject to frequent shifting .	as knowledge of the future invariably causes that future to change , watchers ' visions of the future in their direct sphere of influence is subject to frequent shifting .
surely the causes of discord and rebellion against religion are that people follow the dictates of their minds and introduce innovations and schisms against the explicit orders of the book of allah .	surely the causes of discord and rebellion against religion is that people follow the dictates of their minds and introduce innovations and schisms against the explicit orders of the book of allah .
church , new york city ; no details of that performance are available .	church , new york city ; no details of that performance is available .
the bofors 152 mm gun is a naval gun .	the bofors 152 mm gun are a naval gun .
derivatives in the commodity market are assets that are either exchange-traded derivatives or over-the-counter ( otc ) derivatives .	derivatives in the commodity market is assets that are either exchange-traded derivatives or over-the-counter ( otc ) derivatives .
her record in her few years here is a user who has grown , and whose abilities and knowledge of policy have developed over the years .	her record in her few years here are a user who has grown , and whose abilities and knowledge of policy have developed over the years .
if the scattering cross-section is zero it implies that the projectile never comes close to the target , but in this case it also never penetrates the electron cloud surrounding the nucleus either .	if the scattering cross-section is zero it implies that the projectile never come close to the target , but in this case it also never penetrates the electron cloud surrounding the nucleus either .
the ship , to be manned by 17 officers and 106 sailors also carries a helicopter on board .	the ship , to be manned by 17 officers and 106 sailors also carry a helicopter on board .
the leaders of this fishing community are not rational decision maker and they have failed to put light on the problems of the fishing community .	the leaders of this fishing community is not rational decision maker and they have failed to put light on the problems of the fishing community .
pov vandalism , and i agree that that number is perhaps correct , the usage of such sections and articles is arguable a benefit , not a hindrance .	pov vandalism , and i agree that that number is perhaps correct , the usage of such sections and articles are arguable a benefit , not a hindrance .
located in the north santiam canyon , the long lake has shoreline of when full .	located in the north santiam canyon , the long lake have shoreline of when full .
some prominent figures in the history of philosophy who have defended moral rationalism are plato and immanuel kant .	some prominent figures in the history of philosophy who have defended moral rationalism is plato and immanuel kant .
several forms of music video game exist today with rhythm games dominating the market .	several forms of music video game exists today with rhythm games dominating the market .
the average length in letters of commonly used presidential first names is 6 .	the average length in letters of commonly used presidential first names are 6 .
when rémi is eight years old , and this is where the story starts , barberin comes home unexpectedly .	when rémi is eight years old , and this is where the story start , barberin comes home unexpectedly .
these systems are able to compensate sudden changes of power factor much more rapidly than contactor-switched capacitor banks , and being solid-state require less maintenance than synchronous condensers .	these systems is able to compensate sudden changes of power factor much more rapidly than contactor-switched capacitor banks , and being solid-state require less maintenance than synchronous condensers .
this makes it non-trivial and not indiscriminate -- no group limited to those who are notable is indiscriminate , and the intersection of two notable groups is certainly non-trivial .	this makes it non-trivial and not indiscriminate -- no group limited to those who are notable is indiscriminate , and the intersection of two notable groups are certainly non-trivial .
countries using this voting system include canada , the united kingdom , and the united states .	countries using this voting system includes canada , the united kingdom , and the united states .
sandstone beds near bottom of photo are possible turbidites .	sandstone beds near bottom of photo is possible turbidites .
the story ends with the fall of amber palace .	the story end with the fall of amber palace .
as the weft is in the form of a stout cord the fabric has a ridged structure , like rep , which gave depth and softness to the lustre of the silky surface .	as the weft is in the form of a stout cord the fabric have a ridged structure , like rep , which gave depth and softness to the lustre of the silky surface .
communities that have proper garbage collection and disposal , have far less of a problem with rats , cockroaches , mosquitoes , flies and other pests than those that do n't .	communities that have proper garbage collection and disposal , has far less of a problem with rats , cockroaches , mosquitoes , flies and other pests than those that do n't .
each year , an estimated 100 , 000 people pass through tamworth for the festival , with around 70 , 000 staying for a substantial duration of the festival , with some camping along the banks of the peel river .	each year , an estimated 100 , 000 people passes through tamworth for the festival , with around 70 , 000 staying for a substantial duration of the festival , with some camping along the banks of the peel river .
results of the study show a small increase in risk of ovarian cancer in women taking hrt .	results of the study shows a small increase in risk of ovarian cancer in women taking hrt .
the predominant metabolites detected are n- ( 2 , 4-dimethylphenyl ) -n'-methylformamidine ( bst 27 271 ) and 2 , 4-dimethylformanilide ( bst 27 919 ) .	the predominant metabolites detected is n- ( 2 , 4-dimethylphenyl ) -n'-methylformamidine ( bst 27 271 ) and 2 , 4-dimethylformanilide ( bst 27 919 ) .
the number of visitors is very important , but has led to circulation problems in traffic on the access roads to la bañeza .	the number of visitors are very important , but has led to circulation problems in traffic on the access roads to la bañeza .
the process of marking up bills and resolutions in committees of the house of representatives generally resembles , but does not perfectly replicate , the process of amending measures on the house floor .	the process of marking up bills and resolutions in committees of the house of representatives generally resemble , but does not perfectly replicate , the process of amending measures on the house floor .
dsp architectures that each have a single branch delay slot include the vs dsp , µpd77230 and tms320c3x .	dsp architectures that each have a single branch delay slot includes the vs dsp , µpd77230 and tms320c3x .
the parents of a child with an autosomal recessive disorder are not affected by disorder , but are carriers of one copy of the altered gene .	the parents of a child with an autosomal recessive disorder is not affected by disorder , but are carriers of one copy of the altered gene .
alloys containing palladium or nickel are also important in commercial jewelry as these produce white gold alloys .	alloys containing palladium or nickel is also important in commercial jewelry as these produce white gold alloys .
maximian built several gigantic monuments , the large circus ( 470 x 85 meters ) , the thermae or `` baths of hercules '' , a large complex of imperial palaces and other services and buildings of which fewer visible traces remain .	maximian built several gigantic monuments , the large circus ( 470 x 85 meters ) , the thermae or `` baths of hercules '' , a large complex of imperial palaces and other services and buildings of which fewer visible traces remains .
treatment of symptoms usually includes use of artificial tears in the form of eye drops , increasing the humidity of the environment with humidifiers , and wearing wrap around glasses when outdoors .	treatment of symptoms usually include use of artificial tears in the form of eye drops , increasing the humidity of the environment with humidifiers , and wearing wrap around glasses when outdoors .
the activities of strategy selection and application include those concerned with an ongoing attempt to plan , check , monitor , select , revise , evaluate , etc .	the activities of strategy selection and application includes those concerned with an ongoing attempt to plan , check , monitor , select , revise , evaluate , etc .
beddgelert railway station is a railway station on the narrow gauge welsh highland railway in north wales .	beddgelert railway station are a railway station on the narrow gauge welsh highland railway in north wales .
some sources claim he was born in birmingham , alabama .	some sources claims he was born in birmingham , alabama .
the repeated and credible threats of real-life harassment and retaliation against an administrator ( or any user ) as described above are extremely serious .	the repeated and credible threats of real-life harassment and retaliation against an administrator ( or any user ) as described above is extremely serious .
in fact , the visual evidence and the arguments that she makes as well as the factual information concerning the existence of directed energy weapons is extensive .	in fact , the visual evidence and the arguments that she make as well as the factual information concerning the existence of directed energy weapons is extensive .
the lands to the north and east of the gorge are moorland with relics of stone circles , for example the stoke flatt circle on froggatt edge and ancient settlements such as swine sty .	the lands to the north and east of the gorge is moorland with relics of stone circles , for example the stoke flatt circle on froggatt edge and ancient settlements such as swine sty .
many plants that grow in this area are endemic to the strand .	many plants that grow in this area is endemic to the strand .
its major new feature is the ability to report hospital compare inpatient measure results .	its major new feature are the ability to report hospital compare inpatient measure results .
note that this list includes names of works owned by railroads for manufacturing their own rolling stock .	note that this list include names of works owned by railroads for manufacturing their own rolling stock .
for instance , the concept profiles of arc , center , and circumference are all in the domain of circle , because each uses the concept of circle as a base .	for instance , the concept profiles of arc , center , and circumference is all in the domain of circle , because each uses the concept of circle as a base .
this distinction was given to `` american citizens whose achievements in outdoor activity , exploration and worthwhile adventure are of such an exceptional character as to capture the imagination of boys .	this distinction was given to `` american citizens whose achievements in outdoor activity , exploration and worthwhile adventure is of such an exceptional character as to capture the imagination of boys .
subsequently , bonds with greater p character have smaller bond angles than those with greater s character .	subsequently , bonds with greater p character has smaller bond angles than those with greater s character .
the next largest groups by ancestry are french 13 .	the next largest groups by ancestry is french 13 .
the deployment plan called for the trains to be permanently based in shelters that would be constructed on strategic air command bases throughout the united states , with the missile crews on continuous alert .	the deployment plan called for the trains to be permanently based in shelters that would be constructed on strategic air command base throughout the united states , with the missile crews on continuous alert .
names also used in this context are agalmatolite , steatite , pyrophyllite and pinite .	names also used in this context is agalmatolite , steatite , pyrophyllite and pinite .
pupils at the school have access to bibliothèque alfred vaucher ( alfred vaucher library ) which it shares with the saleve adventist university .	pupils at the school has access to bibliothèque alfred vaucher ( alfred vaucher library ) which it shares with the saleve adventist university .
the player only has a limited number of arrows , although more can be found within each level .	the player only have a limited number of arrows , although more can be found within each level .
according to ken blanchard , `` four combinations of competence and commitment make up what we call 'development level .	according to ken blanchard , `` four combinations of competence and commitment makes up what we call 'development level .
village has primary health centre and ambulance run by state government .	village have primary health centre and ambulance run by state government .
the portrayal of women in video games is the subject of academic study and controversy .	the portrayal of women in video games are the subject of academic study and controversy .
the horizontally opposed two-cylinder `` boxer '' engine provides a comparatively low centre of gravity compared to motorcycles with inline-4 or v-twin engines .	the horizontally opposed two-cylinder `` boxer '' engine provide a comparatively low centre of gravity compared to motorcycles with inline-4 or v-twin engines .
i hope not , and a cursory review seems to show some evidence of more due diligence .	i hope not , and a cursory review seem to show some evidence of more due diligence .
popular indonesian dishes that employ this cooking method include pepes , botok , buntil , and otak-otak ( variations of this dish are also commonly available in neighboring singapore and malaysia ) .	popular indonesian dishes that employ this cooking method includes pepes , botok , buntil , and otak-otak ( variations of this dish are also commonly available in neighboring singapore and malaysia ) .
today , relics of the town 's former status as a railway terminus still exist , including a turntable pit , a water tower for steam locomotives , and the station building has been converted into a hayshed and workshop .	today , relics of the town 's former status as a railway terminus still exists , including a turntable pit , a water tower for steam locomotives , and the station building has been converted into a hayshed and workshop .
the designs of the front panel , rear panel and light are different on the two models .	the designs of the front panel , rear panel and light is different on the two models .
this person is able to lasso a wild elephant whilst mounted on another .	this person are able to lasso a wild elephant whilst mounted on another .
several trains depart daily for changchun and harbin , cities which can also be reached through waterway .	several trains departs daily for changchun and harbin , cities which can also be reached through waterway .
traumatic events such as rape and sexual assault have , aside from obvious physical traumas , profound long-term psychological effects on all victims including but not limited to children who are assault victims .	traumatic events such as rape and sexual assault has , aside from obvious physical traumas , profound long-term psychological effects on all victims including but not limited to children who are assault victims .
at first , i thought this would be a non-notable junction , but the high number of blue links seems to indicate that it could be a useful category .	at first , i thought this would be a non-notable junction , but the high number of blue links seem to indicate that it could be a useful category .
given the number of seasons of this show , and the number of versions internationally , there is no notability in sixth place .	given the number of seasons of this show , and the number of versions internationally , there are no notability in sixth place .
moreover , workers who belong to households that require a high load of farm work are less likely to seek care by 7 .	moreover , workers who belong to households that require a high load of farm work is less likely to seek care by 7 .
the red and green colors of this unmistakable woodland lichen give the appearance of a christmas wreath , suggestive of its common north american name , the christmas wreath lichen .	the red and green colors of this unmistakable woodland lichen gives the appearance of a christmas wreath , suggestive of its common north american name , the christmas wreath lichen .
the ones who are pushing an advocacy campaign here are you and your ally jokestress , so stop your nasty speech .	the ones who are pushing an advocacy campaign here is you and your ally jokestress , so stop your nasty speech .
treatments at the spa include a range of spa therapies that are `` signature '' to mandarin oriental hotel group .	treatments at the spa includes a range of spa therapies that are `` signature '' to mandarin oriental hotel group .
not yours '' and that wikipedia 's policy on essays covers it , despite the fact that the essay policy deals with essays `` that typically address some aspect of creating and managing an online encyclopedia '' .	not yours '' and that wikipedia 's policy on essays cover it , despite the fact that the essay policy deals with essays `` that typically address some aspect of creating and managing an online encyclopedia '' .
the points leader , based on the cumulative results of previous races , wears the uci africa tour cycling jersey .	the points leader , based on the cumulative results of previous races , wear the uci africa tour cycling jersey .
as the song starts to play , mastin is seen playing the guitar and kicking a soccer ball .	as the song start to play , mastin is seen playing the guitar and kicking a soccer ball .
the estate includes a `` magnificent manor '' house and servant quarters , which is a `` humble '' three bedroom cottage , amongst several other features including several barns and old farm cottages .	the estate include a `` magnificent manor '' house and servant quarters , which is a `` humble '' three bedroom cottage , amongst several other features including several barns and old farm cottages .
the findings of science are also insight ; they can be applied in technology , but can be applied also to our daily behavior to improve the quality of our life and happiness .	the findings of science is also insight ; they can be applied in technology , but can be applied also to our daily behavior to improve the quality of our life and happiness .
whereas , links which cite to references to support the textual assertion of the article are important to keep the wiki a serious reference work .	whereas , links which cite to references to support the textual assertion of the article is important to keep the wiki a serious reference work .
although the primary reason for preferring regular numbers to other numbers involves the finiteness of their reciprocals , some babylonian calculations other than reciprocals also involved regular numbers .	although the primary reason for preferring regular numbers to other numbers involve the finiteness of their reciprocals , some babylonian calculations other than reciprocals also involved regular numbers .
my preference to solve this is to de-link general .	my preference to solve this are to de-link general .
however , the criteria for inclusion in user space are more lenient and those pages can be noindexed .	however , the criteria for inclusion in user space is more lenient and those pages can be noindexed .
the operations in this ring are addition and composition of endomorphisms .	the operations in this ring is addition and composition of endomorphisms .
observers are necessary to bring the universe into being .	observers is necessary to bring the universe into being .
often the only players on either side of the ball that know the play is coming are the quarterback and the center ( hence the sneak aspect of it ) , as the play is often decided by the quarterback upon seeing the defense .	often the only players on either side of the ball that know the play is coming is the quarterback and the center ( hence the sneak aspect of it ) , as the play is often decided by the quarterback upon seeing the defense .
the prose is meandering , the content confused , formatting and internal linking is inappropriate , and the article cites no sources .	the prose is meandering , the content confused , formatting and internal linking is inappropriate , and the article cite no sources .
it attempts to carry out quantization , for which there is in general no exact recipe , in such a way that certain analogies between the classical theory and the quantum theory remain manifest .	it attempts to carry out quantization , for which there is in general no exact recipe , in such a way that certain analogies between the classical theory and the quantum theory remains manifest .
affine varieties of non-zero dimension are never proper .	affine varieties of non-zero dimension is never proper .
churches in which the prosperity gospel is taught are often non-denominational and usually directed by a sole pastor or leader , although some have developed multi-church networks that bear similarities to denominations .	churches in which the prosperity gospel is taught is often non-denominational and usually directed by a sole pastor or leader , although some have developed multi-church networks that bear similarities to denominations .
other important pieces of art include the going out of the pacha by emile-alfred dehodencq , and paintings and drawings of moroccan kasbahs by edy legrand .	other important pieces of art includes the going out of the pacha by emile-alfred dehodencq , and paintings and drawings of moroccan kasbahs by edy legrand .
works protected by copyright law are as follows .	works protected by copyright law is as follows .
still , the linked site is then more reliable than ann i would say , even if both say the same .	still , the linked site are then more reliable than ann i would say , even if both say the same .
words included in this group are e .	words included in this group is e .
some changes to the signal processing allow the radar to determine the targets ' range and speed in a single scan .	some changes to the signal processing allows the radar to determine the targets ' range and speed in a single scan .
while no details of the agreement have been found to date , copies of the star from that time period refer to wil as `` the st .	while no details of the agreement have been found to date , copies of the star from that time period refers to wil as `` the st .
wikipedia is also not for thing that happened in school one day unless those events are notable .	wikipedia is also not for thing that happened in school one day unless those events is notable .
the other co-stars of the movie are famous punjabi singer harbhajan maan and comedians gurpreet ghuggi and rana ranbir .	the other co-stars of the movie is famous punjabi singer harbhajan maan and comedians gurpreet ghuggi and rana ranbir .
his epithet ( `` the husband of `` ) refers to this idea , and sharma notes that two other variants of this name that mean the same thing , and , also appear in the sahasranama .	his epithet ( `` the husband of `` ) refers to this idea , and sharma notes that two other variants of this name that mean the same thing , and , also appears in the sahasranama .
while all pre-programmed musical fountain shows involve computerized show control systems , the use of computer technology to spontaneously `` self-choreograph '' a fountain to random musical input is novel .	while all pre-programmed musical fountain shows involves computerized show control systems , the use of computer technology to spontaneously `` self-choreograph '' a fountain to random musical input is novel .
connections with the main railway system on line c are at blaak station and at schiedam centrum station .	connections with the main railway system on line c is at blaak station and at schiedam centrum station .
well-known but waning in popularity is straight pool , in which players seek to continue sinking balls , rack after rack if they can , to reach a pre-determined winning score ( typically 150 ) .	well-known but waning in popularity is straight pool , in which players seeks to continue sinking balls , rack after rack if they can , to reach a pre-determined winning score ( typically 150 ) .
the link to my edits is above .	the link to my edits are above .
although most flyover and competition aircraft stage at stobie seaplane base on nearby moosehead lake , many local and international pilots attending the show who fly conventional landing hear usually land at the greenville airport , during one week every september the airport becomes much busier than usual .	although most flyover and competition aircraft stage at stobie seaplane base on nearby moosehead lake , many local and international pilots attending the show who fly conventional landing hear usually lands at the greenville airport , during one week every september the airport becomes much busier than usual .
illinois , as in much of the rest of the world , property owned by religious groups and other not-for-profit organizations is tax-exempt .	illinois , as in much of the rest of the world , property owned by religious groups and other not-for-profit organizations are tax-exempt .
their facility with our procedures and policies shows they 're quite familiar with the csd policy and the rest of deletion - they 're so obviously flaunting them because they want to , not because they do n't know better .	their facility with our procedures and policies show they 're quite familiar with the csd policy and the rest of deletion - they 're so obviously flaunting them because they want to , not because they do n't know better .
all the features of a major network basketball broadcast are present , including play-by-play , color commentating , multiple camera angles , replay capability , sideline interviews and a complete graphics package with a scoreboard and game-clock .	all the features of a major network basketball broadcast is present , including play-by-play , color commentating , multiple camera angles , replay capability , sideline interviews and a complete graphics package with a scoreboard and game-clock .
politicians ask chiefs for advice because usually they are closer to the people .	politicians asks chiefs for advice because usually they are closer to the people .
although one may argue that disk space is no longer a problem and we should not concern ourselves with improving space utilization , the issue that implicit data structures are designed to improve is main memory utilization .	although one may argue that disk space is no longer a problem and we should not concern ourselves with improving space utilization , the issue that implicit data structures are designed to improve are main memory utilization .
other aspects of the show include rolling the `` dice of doom , '' `` spill the beans '' or `` silly noodle .	other aspects of the show includes rolling the `` dice of doom , '' `` spill the beans '' or `` silly noodle .
those viruses transmitted by a particular type of vector seem to be related both genetically and serologically .	those viruses transmitted by a particular type of vector seems to be related both genetically and serologically .
the song is a piano ballad , that features fiddle and steel guitar fills .	the song are a piano ballad , that features fiddle and steel guitar fills .
the sources i have found that give the date of death as the 23rd are an obituary published in the uk 's daily telegraph newspaper and the web resource oldracingcars .	the sources i have found that give the date of death as the 23rd is an obituary published in the uk 's daily telegraph newspaper and the web resource oldracingcars .
her areas of discussion include topics that show the realities and possibilities of innovation , technology and entrepreneurship .	her areas of discussion includes topics that show the realities and possibilities of innovation , technology and entrepreneurship .
additionally , the order of the classes rotates such that no class meets at the same time of the day during a given cycle .	additionally , the order of the classes rotate such that no class meets at the same time of the day during a given cycle .
the combination of sex chromosomes that determine the sex of an offspring ; in humans the sex chromosomes of a normal female are xx and the sex chromosomes of a normal male are xy .	the combination of sex chromosomes that determine the sex of an offspring ; in humans the sex chromosomes of a normal female is xx and the sex chromosomes of a normal male are xy .
works published outside the unites states before 1978 that are in the public domain in their home country are in the public domain in the united states .	works published outside the unites states before 1978 that are in the public domain in their home country is in the public domain in the united states .
the bill is then reconsidered , and if a simple majority of the members of both houses agrees to the proposed executive amendments , it is returned to the governor , as he revised it , for his signature .	the bill is then reconsidered , and if a simple majority of the members of both houses agree to the proposed executive amendments , it is returned to the governor , as he revised it , for his signature .
a special type of flow shop scheduling problem is the permutation flow shop scheduling problem in which the processing order of the jobs on the resources is the same for each subsequent step of processing .	a special type of flow shop scheduling problem is the permutation flow shop scheduling problem in which the processing order of the jobs on the resources are the same for each subsequent step of processing .
gipuzkoa and the surrounding areas where the basque language is strongest .	gipuzkoa and the surrounding areas where the basque language are strongest .
in ra , the joints are often affected in a fairly symmetrical fashion , although this is not specific , and the initial presentation may be asymmetrical .	in ra , the joints is often affected in a fairly symmetrical fashion , although this is not specific , and the initial presentation may be asymmetrical .
however , random application of biologically active substances holds as many dangers as it does opportunities .	however , random application of biologically active substances hold as many dangers as it does opportunities .
my reading of the above interchanges is that image issues have now been resolved to the satisfaction of one or more experienced image editors .	my reading of the above interchanges are that image issues have now been resolved to the satisfaction of one or more experienced image editors .
the area is home to ten thousand people and fifty villages .	the area are home to ten thousand people and fifty villages .
when information about marginal benefits is available only from the individuals themselves , they tend to under report their valuation for a particular good , this gives rise to the preference revelation problem .	when information about marginal benefits are available only from the individuals themselves , they tend to under report their valuation for a particular good , this gives rise to the preference revelation problem .
the main holy days of each major religion are public holidays .	the main holy days of each major religion is public holidays .
other names for the tree include bani in fulfulde , tolo in djerma , and ban in serer .	other names for the tree includes bani in fulfulde , tolo in djerma , and ban in serer .
the occasional black patches of sand are due to the mineral titanomagnitite which comes from andesitic volcanoes .	the occasional black patches of sand is due to the mineral titanomagnitite which comes from andesitic volcanoes .
each jondo 's expected number of appearances on paths is virtually constant as a function of the size of the crowd .	each jondo 's expected number of appearances on paths are virtually constant as a function of the size of the crowd .
the trail starts at the corner of caldwell and devon avenues in north chicago , and from there it continues north approximately to glencoe .	the trail start at the corner of caldwell and devon avenues in north chicago , and from there it continues north approximately to glencoe .
as many functions ( such as database access , authentication , build methods for backend menus , etc .	as many functions ( such as database access , authentication , builds methods for backend menus , etc .
proteins that do not share a common ancestor are very unlikely to show statistically significant sequence similarity , making sequence alignment a powerful tool for identifying the members of protein families .	proteins that do not share a common ancestor is very unlikely to show statistically significant sequence similarity , making sequence alignment a powerful tool for identifying the members of protein families .
in response , ban and his aides have claimed that allegations of favoritism are wrong , and that some of the harshest criticisms against him have undercurrents of racism .	in response , ban and his aides have claimed that allegations of favoritism is wrong , and that some of the harshest criticisms against him have undercurrents of racism .
certain aspects , such as remembering to be in a specific place at a specific time , involve prospective memory .	certain aspects , such as remembering to be in a specific place at a specific time , involves prospective memory .
the way to avoid legal problems is to document and verify .	the way to avoid legal problems are to document and verify .
since that time , advances in imaging technology include the discovery of chemical photographic processes in the 19th century and the use of electronic imaging technology that includes analog video cameras and digital video and still cameras .	since that time , advances in imaging technology includes the discovery of chemical photographic processes in the 19th century and the use of electronic imaging technology that includes analog video cameras and digital video and still cameras .
the ruins of the temple are on the top of a hill which has a very scenic view .	the ruins of the temple is on the top of a hill which has a very scenic view .
the mvp source licensing program allows licensees to use the source code for debugging and support purposes , though it may not be used to aid in the development of a commercial product .	the mvp source licensing program allow licensees to use the source code for debugging and support purposes , though it may not be used to aid in the development of a commercial product .
individuals on the autism spectrum have extremely minimal , or no coregulation , and without intervention can not participate in social interaction as equal partners .	individuals on the autism spectrum has extremely minimal , or no coregulation , and without intervention can not participate in social interaction as equal partners .
the upper surface of the wings is white with a brown triangle at the base ; the flight feathers have black tips except for the outer secondaries .	the upper surface of the wings are white with a brown triangle at the base ; the flight feathers have black tips except for the outer secondaries .
the twelve main windows , six on the south wall and six on the north wall , are approximately wide and tall .	the twelve main windows , six on the south wall and six on the north wall , is approximately wide and tall .
the e-s theory has been extended into the extreme male brain theory , which suggests that people with an autism spectrum condition are more likely to have an `` extreme type s '' brain type , corresponding with above-average systemizing but challenged empathy ( see the next section ) .	the e-s theory has been extended into the extreme male brain theory , which suggests that people with an autism spectrum condition is more likely to have an `` extreme type s '' brain type , corresponding with above-average systemizing but challenged empathy ( see the next section ) .
these skillful works include paintings of his family and children , of fellow artists such as lundbye ( 1841 ) , of friends such as amelie elisabeth freunds ( 1860 ) , h .	these skillful works includes paintings of his family and children , of fellow artists such as lundbye ( 1841 ) , of friends such as amelie elisabeth freunds ( 1860 ) , h .
some descriptions of carbon monoxide poisoning include retinal hemorrhages , and an abnormal cherry-red blood hue .	some descriptions of carbon monoxide poisoning includes retinal hemorrhages , and an abnormal cherry-red blood hue .
comment - the book is there now .	comment - the book are there now .
this castle , which is situated on of lawns and gardens , contains hundreds of rooms .	this castle , which is situated on of lawns and gardens , contain hundreds of rooms .
thanks for being able to take the rough with the smooth , overcome , exceed , and then talk about it .	thanks for being able to take the rough with the smooth , overcome , exceeds , and then talk about it .
the use of motorcycles allows the unit to perform routine traffic enforcement ; accompany parades , crowds , and visiting dignitaries ; and to quickly travel to situations wherein the unit 's swat skills are requested .	the use of motorcycles allow the unit to perform routine traffic enforcement ; accompany parades , crowds , and visiting dignitaries ; and to quickly travel to situations wherein the unit 's swat skills are requested .
the active political parties in this village town are nepali congress , cpn-uml , ucpn ( m ) and rastriya prajatantra party .	the active political parties in this village town is nepali congress , cpn-uml , ucpn ( m ) and rastriya prajatantra party .
the city has also mini-buses from and to all the main neighborhoods in the city , with sitting-only transport and possibility to hop on and off at any point , but higher fares .	the city have also mini-buses from and to all the main neighborhoods in the city , with sitting-only transport and possibility to hop on and off at any point , but higher fares .
no , but there are no non-trivial mentions of the organisation cited anywhere , and the external links in the article are to self-published sources .	no , but there are no non-trivial mentions of the organisation cited anywhere , and the external links in the article is to self-published sources .
i suggest that the list requires another table listing each super bowl winner and the number of times they have won , similar to the table at list of european cup and uefa champions league winners .	i suggest that the list require another table listing each super bowl winner and the number of times they have won , similar to the table at list of european cup and uefa champions league winners .
the exact dates of birth and death as well as his parentage are unknown because in 1646 dutch looters raided his home town of abucay and burned the parish records .	the exact dates of birth and death as well as his parentage is unknown because in 1646 dutch looters raided his home town of abucay and burned the parish records .
but since some of these journals are very expensive , `` many indian libraries -- including sometimes the author 's own institutional library -- are not able to subscribe to them .	but since some of these journals are very expensive , `` many indian libraries -- including sometimes the author 's own institutional library -- is not able to subscribe to them .
the station comprises two platforms - one serving northbound services via stirling , and southbound services via edinburgh and glasgow - linked by a covered walkway .	the station comprise two platforms - one serving northbound services via stirling , and southbound services via edinburgh and glasgow - linked by a covered walkway .
most studies on age and memory have to do with transfer of short-term memory to long-term memory .	most studies on age and memory has to do with transfer of short-term memory to long-term memory .
also , the lighthouse is now automatic , which reduces the human presence only to the one of biologists assigned to the park 's management .	also , the lighthouse are now automatic , which reduces the human presence only to the one of biologists assigned to the park 's management .
the city contains the historic `` federal city '' , the territory of which was formerly part of those two adjacent states before they respectively ceded it for the national capital .	the city contain the historic `` federal city '' , the territory of which was formerly part of those two adjacent states before they respectively ceded it for the national capital .
all those banks where greater parts of stake or equity are held by the private shareholders and not by government are called `` private-sector banks '' .	all those banks where greater parts of stake or equity is held by the private shareholders and not by government are called `` private-sector banks '' .
major exterior features of the square , three-story red brick building are the mansard roof and four pink granite columns from brown 's quarry in iron county , missouri .	major exterior features of the square , three-story red brick building is the mansard roof and four pink granite columns from brown 's quarry in iron county , missouri .
most of the system 's users live in or near the city center ; stations in the poorer eastern portion of the city are comparatively underused .	most of the system 's users live in or near the city center ; stations in the poorer eastern portion of the city is comparatively underused .
the source meets the requirements of wikipedia policy and guidelines .	the source meet the requirements of wikipedia policy and guidelines .
squadron 's badge uses an old polish design previously used for 113 escadrille in the brygada poscigowa ( pursuit brigade ) tasked with the defence of warsaw .	squadron 's badge use an old polish design previously used for 113 escadrille in the brygada poscigowa ( pursuit brigade ) tasked with the defence of warsaw .
the fact that prominent generals commanded both armies and fleets suggests that naval forces were treated as auxiliaries to the army and not as an independent service .	the fact that prominent generals commanded both armies and fleets suggest that naval forces were treated as auxiliaries to the army and not as an independent service .
changes in blood pressure such as hypotension are infrequent .	changes in blood pressure such as hypotension is infrequent .
other shapes represented in the ceiling are gooseneck , mexican hat , twisted horn , split leaf , sea tube , frog foot , starfish , and horn bale .	other shapes represented in the ceiling is gooseneck , mexican hat , twisted horn , split leaf , sea tube , frog foot , starfish , and horn bale .
opportunities for bible study outside of the worship service are available at both locations .	opportunities for bible study outside of the worship service is available at both locations .
an overly-simplified way to think of it is to consider dunking the electronics in water .	an overly-simplified way to think of it are to consider dunking the electronics in water .
the epstein-barr virus ( ebv ) paradox is also worth mentioning , as hhv-6 has been reported to transactivate ebv .	the epstein-barr virus ( ebv ) paradox are also worth mentioning , as hhv-6 has been reported to transactivate ebv .
we have several articles on very minor parties , but the number of parties which are registered is still not so high that it becomes ridiculous to have articles on them .	we have several articles on very minor parties , but the number of parties which are registered are still not so high that it becomes ridiculous to have articles on them .
changes to the exterior of the house include the addition of a full-width porch , frieze , and corniche with returns .	changes to the exterior of the house includes the addition of a full-width porch , frieze , and corniche with returns .
details on his character have yet to be released .	details on his character has yet to be released .
the list of templates is already pretty long .	the list of templates are already pretty long .
the ferns , moss and leaf cover there shelter salamanders and spadefoot toads .	the ferns , moss and leaf covers there shelter salamanders and spadefoot toads .
the game features a `` justice '' meter which fills as the player damages enemies and performs other feats .	the game feature a `` justice '' meter which fills as the player damages enemies and performs other feats .
other buildings in the city centre include collegium historicum on święty marcin , collegium novum ( used mainly for language teaching ) on al .	other buildings in the city centres include collegium historicum on święty marcin , collegium novum ( used mainly for language teaching ) on al .
support ( ish ) not a major contributor but no obvious problems , clearly intelligent , has clue , has served time at npp ( log ) .	support ( ish ) not a major contributor but no obvious problems , clearly intelligent , have clue , has served time at npp ( log ) .
the key benedictine principles of education and hospitality remain at the heart of the charism of the order .	the key benedictine principles of education and hospitality remains at the heart of the charism of the order .
the majority of what i have been into for the last 30 years is goth , alternative , and most anything else that evolved from punk .	the majority of what i have been into for the last 30 years are goth , alternative , and most anything else that evolved from punk .
support and comments article is comprehensive and up to standard .	support and comments article are comprehensive and up to standard .
the player ( s ) with the most votes or ties for the most votes wins the award .	the player ( s ) with the most votes or ties for the most votes win the award .
in every known case , the numbers of a pair are either both even or both odd .	in every known case , the numbers of a pair is either both even or both odd .
the rules i learned about reported speech seem to suggest the first one , but it sounds wrong to me , because it suggests that that plan b gave the customer more options only in the past .	the rules i learned about reported speech seems to suggest the first one , but it sounds wrong to me , because it suggests that that plan b gave the customer more options only in the past .
proponents of drug law reform argue that relative harm should be taken into account in the scheduling of controlled substances .	proponents of drug law reform argues that relative harm should be taken into account in the scheduling of controlled substances .
no references given in the article meet criterion 1 , most are sps .	no references given in the article meet criterion 1 , most is sps .
the intersections of the load line with the transistor characteristic curve represent the different values of ic and vce at different base currents .	the intersections of the load line with the transistor characteristic curve represents the different values of ic and vce at different base currents .
central extensions of the affine lie group by a single generator are topologically circle bundles over this free loop group , which are classified by a two-class known as the first chern class of the fibration .	central extensions of the affine lie group by a single generator is topologically circle bundles over this free loop group , which are classified by a two-class known as the first chern class of the fibration .
the shrub grows in chaparral and coniferous forests among tecate cypress trees , generally on alluvial plains .	the shrub grow in chaparral and coniferous forests among tecate cypress trees , generally on alluvial plains .
nonetheless , the contrast of vivid primary reds and whites serves to achieve an emotional effect typical of van der weyden 's best work .	nonetheless , the contrast of vivid primary reds and whites serve to achieve an emotional effect typical of van der weyden 's best work .
images of a strange man , a little girl and an evil woman often appear in dreams and frustrate brenna as well .	images of a strange man , a little girl and an evil woman often appears in dreams and frustrate brenna as well .
each different combination of batteries produces a different type of robopon .	each different combination of batteries produce a different type of robopon .
activities that are provided as part of the gate fee include sport and water sport activities , as well as christian-themed activities and worship , in keeping with the area 's history .	activities that are provided as part of the gate fee includes sport and water sport activities , as well as christian-themed activities and worship , in keeping with the area 's history .
comments here that the existence of the category facilitates the activity are out of place ( since this is not cfd round2 ) and more importantly not convincing ( to me ) .	comments here that the existence of the category facilitates the activity is out of place ( since this is not cfd round2 ) and more importantly not convincing ( to me ) .
modern theories like string theory , as well as general relativity , are , in one way or another , gauge theories .	modern theories like string theory , as well as general relativity , is , in one way or another , gauge theories .
my problem is that administrators should be concentrating on administrative issues and not be responsible for content , that should be left to the community .	my problem are that administrators should be concentrating on administrative issues and not be responsible for content , that should be left to the community .
powers include grapple tentacles and self destructing its nuclear core .	powers includes grapple tentacles and self destructing its nuclear core .
the actions of adenosine are often antagonistic or synergistic to the actions of atp .	the actions of adenosine is often antagonistic or synergistic to the actions of atp .
they board a west-bound train , but are both immediately kicked off by the conductor , played by pete , because dogs are not allowed ( side gag reveals pluto 's luggage to contain bones ) .	they board a west-bound train , but are both immediately kicked off by the conductor , played by pete , because dogs are not allowed ( side gag reveal pluto 's luggage to contain bones ) .
the effects of a pervasive medium upon the composition and structure of the symbolic environment are subtle , complex , and intermingled with other influences .	the effects of a pervasive medium upon the composition and structure of the symbolic environment is subtle , complex , and intermingled with other influences .
ironically , his own abilities and true form reflect that of a mole , able to bury his victims underground .	ironically , his own abilities and true form reflects that of a mole , able to bury his victims underground .
much of the fifth season revolves around team-ups with league members and batman .	much of the fifth season revolve around team-ups with league members and batman .
this however , did not lead to the nfl offering this package to other channels ; the games remain on the nfl network as of 2011 .	this however , did not lead to the nfl offering this package to other channels ; the games remains on the nfl network as of 2011 .
visitors are required to show identification to enter .	visitors is required to show identification to enter .
common names include tahitian spinich , tannier spinach , belembe , kays , s .	common names includes tahitian spinich , tannier spinach , belembe , kays , s .
the best ways to handle the situation of a food strike include not making an issue of it , and allowing the toddler to choose from what is on the table .	the best ways to handle the situation of a food strike includes not making an issue of it , and allowing the toddler to choose from what is on the table .
genelec , a firm making high-quality active speakers used in recording studios worldwide , has its factory and headquarters in iisalmi .	genelec , a firm making high-quality active speakers used in recording studios worldwide , have its factory and headquarters in iisalmi .
the graduates of the nursing institute are of the basic human staff in the medical organizations over the country regions especially shouf area .	the graduates of the nursing institute is of the basic human staff in the medical organizations over the country regions especially shouf area .
today , documents relating to the life of the abbey still exist .	today , documents relating to the life of the abbey still exists .
the supports for the top and the windshield frame are aluminium .	the supports for the top and the windshield frame is aluminium .
the centre party has maintained the most principled stand against membership , and though parties such as the conservative party and the labour party support membership in their platform , they allow for a minority to oppose it .	the centre party has maintained the most principled stand against membership , and though parties such as the conservative party and the labour party support membership in their platform , they allows for a minority to oppose it .
superficially the shape of the flowers is strikingly phlox-like , hence the designation 'night phlox ' , for their evening fragrance .	superficially the shape of the flowers are strikingly phlox-like , hence the designation 'night phlox ' , for their evening fragrance .
a line of windows runs up the center of the north gable end .	a line of windows run up the center of the north gable end .
in addition to conquest , some theories contend that the need for defense from military conquest or the military organization to conquer other peoples is the key aspect leading to state formation .	in addition to conquest , some theories contends that the need for defense from military conquest or the military organization to conquer other peoples is the key aspect leading to state formation .
the team just forms out of the blue , with none of the effort it took to do these things detailed .	the team just form out of the blue , with none of the effort it took to do these things detailed .
her compositions in the wild arms series include her signature whistling parts , whistled by naoki takao .	her compositions in the wild arms series includes her signature whistling parts , whistled by naoki takao .
the subject of all sections needs to be a bold link to its article not just bold .	the subject of all sections need to be a bold link to its article not just bold .
after that mission , keiko conducts herself as an excellent team leader once everybody knows where the boundaries are .	after that mission , keiko conducts herself as an excellent team leader once everybody knows where the boundaries is .
estimates for the world potential capacity for geothermal power generation vary widely , ranging from 40 gw by 2020 to as much as 6 , 000 gw .	estimates for the world potential capacity for geothermal power generation varies widely , ranging from 40 gw by 2020 to as much as 6 , 000 gw .
it ties into the ideas of some contemporary neurologists ( damasio , ramachandran ) , who say that memories of sensory experience seem to activate the same brain centers as actual physical sensations .	it ties into the ideas of some contemporary neurologists ( damasio , ramachandran ) , who say that memories of sensory experience seems to activate the same brain centers as actual physical sensations .
his unique performances include a fusion of country music , bluegrass , and jazz .	his unique performances includes a fusion of country music , bluegrass , and jazz .
lanes one , six and seven at the grand island toll plaza are for e-zpass users ; the remaining lanes are manned toll booths .	lanes one , six and seven at the grand island toll plaza is for e-zpass users ; the remaining lanes are manned toll booths .
the background , light conditions , and predator vision all play a role in shaping a well adapted warning coloration .	the background , light conditions , and predator vision all plays a role in shaping a well adapted warning coloration .
the european commission and the ecb have since voiced their discontent over montenegro 's unilateral use of the euro on several occasions , with amelia torres , a spokesperson for the european commission , saying `` the conditions for the adoption of the euro are clear .	the european commission and the ecb have since voiced their discontent over montenegro 's unilateral use of the euro on several occasions , with amelia torres , a spokesperson for the european commission , saying `` the conditions for the adoption of the euro is clear .
surveillance techniques are not created equal ; among the many biometric identification technologies , for instance , face recognition requires the least cooperation .	surveillance techniques are not created equal ; among the many biometric identification technologies , for instance , face recognition require the least cooperation .
the concept that people who were born within one of the fifty states are not citizens of the united states is nonsense .	the concept that people who were born within one of the fifty states are not citizens of the united states are nonsense .
de bury argues in this chapter that books of literature , science , and reason are better to study than a strict curriculum of law books .	de bury argues in this chapter that books of literature , science , and reason is better to study than a strict curriculum of law books .
with the presence of ports , sea-based sources of pollution around the bay are from ships and motorized boats .	with the presence of ports , sea-based sources of pollution around the bay is from ships and motorized boats .
the sponsors of the competition are the ioc and the iaks .	the sponsors of the competition is the ioc and the iaks .
besides the problems faced at the level of the individual households and the schools , problems in the governance and management of education are also significant impediments to raising education levels in east timor .	besides the problems faced at the level of the individual households and the schools , problems in the governance and management of education is also significant impediments to raising education levels in east timor .
reasons for emigration vary , but generally relate to a combination of economic and political concerns .	reasons for emigration vary , but generally relates to a combination of economic and political concerns .
later games in the series include some major champions including the eleven us triple crown winners .	later games in the series includes some major champions including the eleven us triple crown winners .
apperceptive agnosia is failure of object recognition even when the basic visual functions ( acuity , color , motion ) are normal .	apperceptive agnosia is failure of object recognition even when the basic visual functions ( acuity , color , motion ) is normal .
point man 's origins and identity are unclear to the player at the beginning of the game .	point man 's origins and identity is unclear to the player at the beginning of the game .
the most recent rescheduling petition , filed by medical marijuana advocates in 2002 , is likely to wind up in the u .	the most recent rescheduling petition , filed by medical marijuana advocates in 2002 , are likely to wind up in the u .
further information on how to format images in more complex ways is available at the picture tutorial , but the above code will get the picture into the article .	further information on how to format images in more complex ways are available at the picture tutorial , but the above code will get the picture into the article .
opponents of the fox hunting ban passed using the parliament acts 1911 and 1949 say that they will challenge the legitimacy of the act in order to overturn the ban .	opponents of the fox hunting ban passed using the parliament acts 1911 and 1949 says that they will challenge the legitimacy of the act in order to overturn the ban .
however , if the evidence is strong enough , the case should be pursued , following the justice process .	however , if the evidence are strong enough , the case should be pursued , following the justice process .
bright 's major runs on comic book series include solo avengers , iron man , g .	bright 's major runs on comic book series includes solo avengers , iron man , g .
the park has the distinction of being manchester 's original public park and mark philips , who was the member of parliament for manchester , opened it in 1846 .	the park have the distinction of being manchester 's original public park and mark philips , who was the member of parliament for manchester , opened it in 1846 .
the coin board that measured coins in hundreds to thousands is unique .	the coin board that measured coins in hundreds to thousands are unique .
well , i hope our procedure in future cases is not to allow them at all .	well , i hope our procedure in future cases are not to allow them at all .
this is a pattern from tu that can be seen here it 's a content dispute , the claims of disruption are frivolous , tu just claims any edit he does n't like is `` disruptive '' and again nothing was done and it leads to this thread .	this is a pattern from tu that can be seen here it 's a content dispute , the claims of disruption is frivolous , tu just claims any edit he does n't like is `` disruptive '' and again nothing was done and it leads to this thread .
drinking alcohol in public places , such as streets and parks , is against the law in most of the united states .	drinking alcohol in public places , such as streets and parks , are against the law in most of the united states .
a result of the guru 's actions is arguably that the strength of sikhi in the 18th and 19th centuries was based on the third , fourth , and fifth orders of indian society , even though some of its leaders still came from the kshatriya varna .	a result of the guru 's actions are arguably that the strength of sikhi in the 18th and 19th centuries was based on the third , fourth , and fifth orders of indian society , even though some of its leaders still came from the kshatriya varna .
the inland empire team with the most championships is the inland empire 66ers of san bernardino .	the inland empire team with the most championships are the inland empire 66ers of san bernardino .
i could n't find any articles here that are really what we are looking for , but the body of articles tends towards that they cite him a lot .	i could n't find any articles here that are really what we are looking for , but the body of articles tend towards that they cite him a lot .
in matters regarding some minor subjects , in this case little-known or written about religious denominations , the only people who actually are in a position to know anything about the subject are the informed combatants .	in matters regarding some minor subjects , in this case little-known or written about religious denominations , the only people who actually are in a position to know anything about the subject is the informed combatants .
many slow motion shots of the group live appear here as well .	many slow motion shots of the group live appears here as well .
contrast this to hilbert 's axioms described in a geometria és határterületei by reiman istván , where planes and incidence of a point and a plane are primitives .	contrast this to hilbert 's axioms described in a geometria és határterületei by reiman istván , where planes and incidence of a point and a plane is primitives .
documents with this marking are nato property ( copyright ) and must not be made public without nato permission .	documents with this marking is nato property ( copyright ) and must not be made public without nato permission .
the only thing i see missing from the above answers is try and get some local or state politicians on board .	the only thing i see missing from the above answers are try and get some local or state politicians on board .
ceylon white tea , also known as `` silver tips '' is highly prized , and prices per kilogram are significantly higher than other teas .	ceylon white tea , also known as `` silver tips '' is highly prized , and prices per kilogram is significantly higher than other teas .
on the other hand , dyadic play between wolves involves behavior like pinning .	on the other hand , dyadic play between wolves involve behavior like pinning .
patrons of the event include karl jenkins , rick wakeman , and bbc presenters katie derham , ken bruce , john inverdale and eleanor oldroyd .	patrons of the event includes karl jenkins , rick wakeman , and bbc presenters katie derham , ken bruce , john inverdale and eleanor oldroyd .
cruchot manages to get the car out , but realizes that the objects he threw out of the car to fix a puncture , including the painting , are valuable items .	cruchot manages to get the car out , but realizes that the objects he threw out of the car to fix a puncture , including the painting , is valuable items .
funnily enough , the problems of bankruptcy and failure and government subsidy are not new ones that companies have only been experiencing in the last few months , and did exist even before internet did .	funnily enough , the problems of bankruptcy and failure and government subsidy is not new ones that companies have only been experiencing in the last few months , and did exist even before internet did .
the students involved in theatre business are responsible for funding and promoting the production .	the students involved in theatre business is responsible for funding and promoting the production .
migron until the claims of ownership of the land are all settled .	migron until the claims of ownership of the land is all settled .
applications of this curriculum perspective are evident in many scholarly pursuits including the discourse and inquiry around the expansion of knowledge .	applications of this curriculum perspective is evident in many scholarly pursuits including the discourse and inquiry around the expansion of knowledge .
their main explanations of the decreasing rate are the changes in student preparation and the collegiate resources .	their main explanations of the decreasing rate is the changes in student preparation and the collegiate resources .
although his emphasis as composer was the organ , dupré 's catalog of musical compositions also includes works for piano , orchestra and choir , as well as chamber music , and a number of transcriptions .	although his emphasis as composer was the organ , dupré 's catalog of musical compositions also include works for piano , orchestra and choir , as well as chamber music , and a number of transcriptions .
languages that have some degree of inflection are synthetic languages .	languages that have some degree of inflection is synthetic languages .
downside tailwhip invented by tyler mccaul , this is where the rider does a 360 and a tailwhip in the opposite direction .	downside tailwhip invented by tyler mccaul , this is where the rider do a 360 and a tailwhip in the opposite direction .
the medicinal properties of chives are similar to those of garlic , but weaker ; the faint effects in comparison with garlic are probably the main reason for their limited use as a medicinal herb .	the medicinal properties of chives are similar to those of garlic , but weaker ; the faint effects in comparison with garlic is probably the main reason for their limited use as a medicinal herb .
both users , in fact , are edit warring , but i am unsure of how to proceed .	both users , in fact , is edit warring , but i am unsure of how to proceed .
the administration of the wikimedia foundation was a topic of some discussion recently with a proposal for earmarking donations , while the election for two seats on the board of trustees starts this week after two candidates jumped into the race at the last minute .	the administration of the wikimedia foundation was a topic of some discussion recently with a proposal for earmarking donations , while the election for two seats on the board of trustees start this week after two candidates jumped into the race at the last minute .
recent edits made by page author continue to fail to document significant coverage .	recent edits made by page author continues to fail to document significant coverage .
or when someone talks about cease-fire and its importance , you find those who go and shell more rockets .	or when someone talks about cease-fire and its importance , you finds those who go and shell more rockets .
local reporters in the country continue to be threatened , as was the case with 54-year-old m .	local reporters in the country continues to be threatened , as was the case with 54-year-old m .
the best way to move downwards is to push away from the direction you are travelling , ie .	the best way to move downwards are to push away from the direction you are travelling , ie .
johnpacklambert has again begun altering birth and death cats for hundreds of individuals , putting in specific birth or death year cats for individuals whose years of birth or death are unknown .	johnpacklambert has again begun altering birth and death cats for hundreds of individuals , putting in specific birth or death year cats for individuals whose years of birth or death is unknown .
article 9 of the united nations convention on the rights of persons with disabilities commits signatories to provide for full accessibility in their countries .	article 9 of the united nations convention on the rights of persons with disabilities commit signatories to provide for full accessibility in their countries .
completion of these courses and programs generally enhances one 's employment and advancement opportunities .	completion of these courses and programs generally enhance one 's employment and advancement opportunities .
i have to say that the use of tables and templates in articles that i wanted to edit is what motivated me to learn how to use them in the first place .	i have to say that the use of tables and templates in articles that i wanted to edit are what motivated me to learn how to use them in the first place .
twice since the 14th amendment was ratified , states have had their electors chosen by the state legislatures rather than the voters , so the inference is invalid .	twice since the 14th amendment was ratified , states have had their electors chosen by the state legislatures rather than the voters , so the inference are invalid .
the current editors in chief for the 2009-2010 school year are eric daniel and alexandra profeta .	the current editors in chief for the 2009-2010 school year is eric daniel and alexandra profeta .
elementary campuses that fall entirely within a predictable feeder pattern are paschal , schertz , rose garden and sippel elementary .	elementary campuses that fall entirely within a predictable feeder pattern is paschal , schertz , rose garden and sippel elementary .
the clinical trials in this article have more significance than e .	the clinical trials in this article has more significance than e .
both the holders of the three year degree and of the five year integrated degree are eligible for enrollment with the bar council of india upon the fulfillment of eligibility conditions and upon enrollment , may appear before any court in india .	both the holders of the three year degree and of the five year integrated degree is eligible for enrollment with the bar council of india upon the fulfillment of eligibility conditions and upon enrollment , may appear before any court in india .
his father thinks the call is a prank , because he believes his son died in saigon .	his father think the call is a prank , because he believes his son died in saigon .
again , technically , he was correct , but , again , the matter of how guidelines established by the community are to be interpreted has been ignored .	again , technically , he was correct , but , again , the matter of how guidelines established by the community is to be interpreted has been ignored .
thus , cycles in the conflict graph need to be broken by aborting transactions .	thus , cycles in the conflict graph needs to be broken by aborting transactions .
the article references show the link only as a number but the text description of the reference doesnt show .	the article references shows the link only as a number but the text description of the reference doesnt show .
that is the problem personified right there , you actually think my comment is trolling , in the same way you think red-font capitals and talk page vandalism are construcive replies to people .	that is the problem personified right there , you actually think my comment is trolling , in the same way you think red-font capitals and talk page vandalism is construcive replies to people .
bandai , in particular , is producing an online-exclusive rx-93 equipment set featuring a second set of fin-funnels , a version of the ν-gundam produced for the taiwanese market has a special psycho-frame effect where parts of the body are molded in crystal green .	bandai , in particular , is producing an online-exclusive rx-93 equipment set featuring a second set of fin-funnels , a version of the ν-gundam produced for the taiwanese market has a special psycho-frame effect where parts of the body is molded in crystal green .
pieces of the meteorite are on display at several museums , including the museum of natural history of vienna and the natural history museum in london .	pieces of the meteorite is on display at several museums , including the museum of natural history of vienna and the natural history museum in london .
the board of directors includes , in addition to the founders , herbert s .	the board of directors include , in addition to the founders , herbert s .
the features of the mask illustrate the group 's ideal of feminine beauty .	the features of the mask illustrates the group 's ideal of feminine beauty .
notable moments in his career include winning , over 400 other competitors , the connecticut comedy festival and being named one of the funniest stand up comedians under 30 by the new york underground comedy festival .	notable moments in his career includes winning , over 400 other competitors , the connecticut comedy festival and being named one of the funniest stand up comedians under 30 by the new york underground comedy festival .
thus , the two substrates of this enzyme are wax ester and h2o , whereas its two products are long-chain alcohol and long-chain carboxylate .	thus , the two substrates of this enzyme is wax ester and h2o , whereas its two products are long-chain alcohol and long-chain carboxylate .
vertical forces in action , by the law of gravity , tend to work in right lines ; horizontal forces , acted upon by this same law tend to work in curves .	vertical forces in action , by the law of gravity , tends to work in right lines ; horizontal forces , acted upon by this same law tend to work in curves .
the genre-defying diversity of their music is what gives them the self-proclaimed title of a hybrid band , though the band is currently in a state consisting primarily of progressive metal on their newest album the ghost you gave to me .	the genre-defying diversity of their music is what gives them the self-proclaimed title of a hybrid band , though the band are currently in a state consisting primarily of progressive metal on their newest album the ghost you gave to me .
hospitals in the district include ingalls memorial hospital in harvey , advocate south suburban hospital in hazel crest , st .	hospitals in the district includes ingalls memorial hospital in harvey , advocate south suburban hospital in hazel crest , st .
all statues of this type are 1st century roman copies of a lost greek bronze , possibly a bronze of c .	all statues of this type is 1st century roman copies of a lost greek bronze , possibly a bronze of c .
the standard view is that proto-mongolic had .	the standard view are that proto-mongolic had .
he has also proven himself to be an astute improviser , performing admirably in that role when the need arises ( as evidenced mainly on the syr series ) .	he has also proven himself to be an astute improviser , performing admirably in that role when the need arise ( as evidenced mainly on the syr series ) .
the target frame rate for interactive applications such as games and simulations is often 25-60 hertz , with only a small fraction of the time allotted to an individual frame remaining for physical simulation .	the target frame rate for interactive applications such as games and simulations are often 25-60 hertz , with only a small fraction of the time allotted to an individual frame remaining for physical simulation .
the new grounds , adjacent to the main campus ( on the opposite side of commonwealth avenue ) , include the historic mansion that served as the cardinal 's residence until 2002 .	the new grounds , adjacent to the main campus ( on the opposite side of commonwealth avenue ) , includes the historic mansion that served as the cardinal 's residence until 2002 .
all the deposits , with the exception of the reserve fund , are merely claims on the banker , which , however , never exist as deposits .	all the deposits , with the exception of the reserve fund , is merely claims on the banker , which , however , never exist as deposits .
materials created solely for theatrical motion picture release are not eligible .	materials created solely for theatrical motion picture release is not eligible .
the goals of a change control procedure usually include minimal disruption to services , reduction in back-out activities , and cost-effective utilization of resources involved in implementing change .	the goals of a change control procedure usually includes minimal disruption to services , reduction in back-out activities , and cost-effective utilization of resources involved in implementing change .
both domains 1 and 2 contain central parallel beta- sheets with surrounding alpha helices .	both domains 1 and 2 contains central parallel beta- sheets with surrounding alpha helices .
the scales of the underside and tail are larger than those of the upper side .	the scales of the underside and tail is larger than those of the upper side .
in his latter years , he expressed regret that he could not write one more book to argue that biology-based lines of research and training in current psychiatry are , as he said , `` barking up the wrong tree .	in his latter years , he expressed regret that he could not write one more book to argue that biology-based lines of research and training in current psychiatry is , as he said , `` barking up the wrong tree .
octopus , turtles , and spiny lobster make the park their home also .	octopus , turtles , and spiny lobster makes the park their home also .
psychiatric side effects such as depression and suicide are unclear .	psychiatric side effects such as depression and suicide is unclear .
thermokarst lakes are surrounded by a ring of drunken trees leaning toward the lake , which makes these land features easily identifiable .	thermokarst lakes are surrounded by a ring of drunken trees leaning toward the lake , which makes these land feature easily identifiable .
archive_136 , since michael2012ro has claimed that mantak chia 's views stand on equal footing with a medical advice from national health service and with peer-reviewed medical studies .	archive_136 , since michael2012ro has claimed that mantak chia 's views stands on equal footing with a medical advice from national health service and with peer-reviewed medical studies .
turkish cypriot folk dances , music , and art are also integral parts of their culture .	turkish cypriot folk dances , music , and art is also integral parts of their culture .
engineers committing a stop signal violation automatically have their federal certification suspended and are frequently fired .	engineers committing a stop signal violation automatically has their federal certification suspended and are frequently fired .
the critical enzyme step is two-fold using a 3-beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase and a delta 4-5 isomerase .	the critical enzyme step are two-fold using a 3-beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase and a delta 4-5 isomerase .
in addition to the regulations imposed by the ncaa on the educational institution , the rules governing the provision of athletic scholarship and financial aid are also exhaustive .	in addition to the regulations imposed by the ncaa on the educational institution , the rules governing the provision of athletic scholarship and financial aid is also exhaustive .
however , other antigens of this blood group system are also clinically relevant .	however , other antigens of this blood group system is also clinically relevant .
the main challenges with selecting a featured picture candidate for this structure are to locate a free image and choosing which element to highlight .	the main challenges with selecting a featured picture candidate for this structure is to locate a free image and choosing which element to highlight .
track lighting , invented by lightolier , was popular at one period of time because it was much easier to install than recessed lighting , and individual fixtures are decorative and can be easily aimed at a wall .	track lighting , invented by lightolier , was popular at one period of time because it was much easier to install than recessed lighting , and individual fixtures is decorative and can be easily aimed at a wall .
the article has a really good skeleton , but too much has been piled onto it , and unevenly at that .	the article have a really good skeleton , but too much has been piled onto it , and unevenly at that .
alkivar , as stated in his usual vulgar and uncivil way , obviously believes the slash-and-burn approach is just fine , regardless of policy .	alkivar , as stated in his usual vulgar and uncivil way , obviously believes the slash-and-burn approach are just fine , regardless of policy .
typical grapes used for ice wine production are riesling , considered to be the most noble variety by german winemakers ; vidal , highly popular in ontario , canada ; and , interestingly , the red grape cabernet franc .	typical grapes used for ice wine production is riesling , considered to be the most noble variety by german winemakers ; vidal , highly popular in ontario , canada ; and , interestingly , the red grape cabernet franc .
almost all this rain falls between november and april , and only on the eastern slopes of the iron range is the median rainfall between june and september above .	almost all this rain fall between november and april , and only on the eastern slopes of the iron range is the median rainfall between june and september above .
images of the animal apparently exist in hitler 's home movies a screenshot of which would not infringe copyright of ullstein bild .	images of the animal apparently exists in hitler 's home movies a screenshot of which would not infringe copyright of ullstein bild .
fares between any station in one zone and any station in another are the same , irrespective of the start and end points of the journey or the route used .	fares between any station in one zone and any station in another is the same , irrespective of the start and end points of the journey or the route used .
in addition to overseeing the church 's activities , the board of directors appoints officers and is responsible for licensing and ordaining ministers .	in addition to overseeing the church 's activities , the board of directors appoints officers and are responsible for licensing and ordaining ministers .
alternatives to the title sexuality and space are problematic , but might include gay and lesbian geography - but that would exclude a wide range of human sexualities .	alternatives to the title sexuality and space is problematic , but might include gay and lesbian geography - but that would exclude a wide range of human sexualities .
the floral characters and the wood and bark anatomy indicate a close relationship between williamodendron and mezilaurus .	the floral characters and the wood and bark anatomy indicates a close relationship between williamodendron and mezilaurus .
advances in fracture fixation , total joint replacement , and cartilage repair are a few examples of how knowledge flows in both directions , to benefit both human and animal health .	advances in fracture fixation , total joint replacement , and cartilage repair is a few examples of how knowledge flows in both directions , to benefit both human and animal health .
grover middle school ( gms ) students take classes in music , art , performing arts , media , health , computer , life skills , and technology .	grover middle school ( gms ) students takes classes in music , art , performing arts , media , health , computer , life skills , and technology .
this image is a screenshot of samuel witwer as lieutenant alex `` crashdown '' quartararo in the television series battlestar galactica .	this image are a screenshot of samuel witwer as lieutenant alex `` crashdown '' quartararo in the television series battlestar galactica .
the divergence time of humans from other apes is of great interest .	the divergence time of humans from other apes are of great interest .
many stories surrounding the petroleum industry 's early development are colourful .	many stories surrounding the petroleum industry 's early development is colourful .
the interface used is a recoloring and smoothing of the song wheel interface first introduced in the us in ddrmax .	the interface used are a recoloring and smoothing of the song wheel interface first introduced in the us in ddrmax .
other distinctive features of the national sporting culture include the highland games , curling and shinty .	other distinctive features of the national sporting culture includes the highland games , curling and shinty .
the world congress is the main event of the association which constitutes the direction and purpose of the association and where knowledge is produced , gathered and exchanged .	the world congress are the main event of the association which constitutes the direction and purpose of the association and where knowledge is produced , gathered and exchanged .
which is why these people rarely make testable predictions .	which is why these people rarely makes testable predictions .
examples of firm using a focus strategy include southwest airlines , which provides short-haul point-to-point flights in contrast to the hub-and-spoke model of mainstream carriers , and family dollar .	examples of firm using a focus strategy includes southwest airlines , which provides short-haul point-to-point flights in contrast to the hub-and-spoke model of mainstream carriers , and family dollar .
i probably can not keep you from using the algorithm but that is not what the copyright law is about .	i probably can not keep you from using the algorithm but that is not what the copyright law are about .
future incarnations or use of the name are unknown at this time .	future incarnations or use of the name is unknown at this time .
the hosts of heaven and hell do battle over the deceased individual 's soul and the winning party will carry it off as booty ( v .	the hosts of heaven and hell does battle over the deceased individual 's soul and the winning party will carry it off as booty ( v .
common measures of location , or central tendency , are the arithmetic mean , median , mode , and interquartile mean .	common measures of location , or central tendency , is the arithmetic mean , median , mode , and interquartile mean .
the preface lays out the objectives , in effect saying that good laws and government are in the interests of justice , and these are the objectives of the king .	the preface lays out the objectives , in effect saying that good laws and government is in the interests of justice , and these are the objectives of the king .
delete i agree that it is an interesting idea for an article , but the lack of sources makes it seem too trivial .	delete i agree that it is an interesting idea for an article , but the lack of sources make it seem too trivial .
with the most extensive historical heritages in the world declared world heritage site by unesco ( on 17 december 1984 ) , the city also features a number of modern areas , including the districts of zoco and the railway station district .	with the most extensive historical heritages in the world declared world heritage site by unesco ( on 17 december 1984 ) , the city also feature a number of modern areas , including the districts of zoco and the railway station district .
the most successful countries over the history of the tournament are the united states ( winning 32 tournaments and finishing as runners-up 29 times ) and australia ( winning 28 times , including four occasions with new zealand as australasia , and finishing as runners-up 19 times ) .	the most successful countries over the history of the tournament is the united states ( winning 32 tournaments and finishing as runners-up 29 times ) and australia ( winning 28 times , including four occasions with new zealand as australasia , and finishing as runners-up 19 times ) .
his appearances throughout the rest of the series are fairly minor .	his appearances throughout the rest of the series is fairly minor .
adult classeslocal artists and museum staff provide classes for children and adults using a wide array of media including ceramics , drawing , painting , printmaking , and jewelry making .	adult classeslocal artists and museum staff provides classes for children and adults using a wide array of media including ceramics , drawing , painting , printmaking , and jewelry making .
the batsman can be judged run out when he is closest to the end where the wicket has been put down by the opposition and no other batsman is available inside the crease of the same end .	the batsman can be judged run out when he is closest to the end where the wicket has been put down by the opposition and no other batsman are available inside the crease of the same end .
athletic facilities on campus include an outdoor swimming pool , a new all-weather track , new soccer field , baseball diamond , new football field , a gymnasium and a weight-lifting room .	athletic facilities on campus includes an outdoor swimming pool , a new all-weather track , new soccer field , baseball diamond , new football field , a gymnasium and a weight-lifting room .
the comments about an external link failing to make a specific reference to the author are not well-grounded .	the comments about an external link failing to make a specific reference to the author is not well-grounded .
artists who have covered the song include sting , demented are go , ellen mcilwaine , henry kaiser , joan jett and the blackhearts , rickie lee jones , lucky peterson and the hamsters .	artists who have covered the song includes sting , demented are go , ellen mcilwaine , henry kaiser , joan jett and the blackhearts , rickie lee jones , lucky peterson and the hamsters .
lobes of matter from the jet extend out to a distance of .	lobes of matter from the jet extends out to a distance of .
period photographs of the courthouse building show it being used as a lookout point and station for northern patrols .	period photographs of the courthouse building shows it being used as a lookout point and station for northern patrols .
assume sides a , b , c , and d are successive and of arbitrary length .	assume sides a , b , c , and d is successive and of arbitrary length .
however , my statement above stands when it comes to the symbiosis system article .	however , my statement above stands when it come to the symbiosis system article .
the question is whether or not this one character does .	the question is whether or not this one character do .
the periods of activity are short ( often less than one hour ) with short times of resting .	the periods of activity is short ( often less than one hour ) with short times of resting .
some people , due to body type or mental conditioning , are much better able to survive swimming in very cold water .	some people , due to body type or mental conditioning , is much better able to survive swimming in very cold water .
the number of zones depends on the game length ( size ) selected when starting the game .	the number of zones depend on the game length ( size ) selected when starting the game .
offences for which an adult would receive life imprisonment , except murder , are subject to a three-year maximum for the young offender .	offences for which an adult would receive life imprisonment , except murder , is subject to a three-year maximum for the young offender .
the two largest bodies of water in town are the norton reservoir , north of the center of town , and winnecunnet pond on the east ( on the north side of i-495 ) , which is fed by the canoe river and feeds into the mill river .	the two largest bodies of water in town is the norton reservoir , north of the center of town , and winnecunnet pond on the east ( on the north side of i-495 ) , which is fed by the canoe river and feeds into the mill river .
ra 's movements through the sky and the duat are not fully narrated in egyptian sources , this journey is key to ra 's nature and to the sustenance of all life .	ra 's movements through the sky and the duat are not fully narrated in egyptian sources , this journey are key to ra 's nature and to the sustenance of all life .
the farm has a mixed arable , livestock and contracting business .	the farm have a mixed arable , livestock and contracting business .
an occasionally recurring actor in these strips is arthur 2 stroke , now acknowledged as the `` guru of viz '' by chris donald founder editor .	an occasionally recurring actor in these strips are arthur 2 stroke , now acknowledged as the `` guru of viz '' by chris donald founder editor .
given the very minor difference in temperature and the extremely low density of the stellar atmosphere , a period of hundreds of thousands of years seems entirely reasonable .	given the very minor difference in temperature and the extremely low density of the stellar atmosphere , a period of hundreds of thousands of years seem entirely reasonable .
the squares represent decisions , the ovals represent action , and the diamond represents results .	the squares represent decisions , the ovals represent action , and the diamond represent results .
studies suggest that several health indicators ( life expectancy and infant and maternal mortality ) have a stronger and more significant association with democracy than they have with gdp per capita , size of the public sector , or income inequality .	studies suggest that several health indicators ( life expectancy and infant and maternal mortality ) has a stronger and more significant association with democracy than they have with gdp per capita , size of the public sector , or income inequality .
fish and vegetable fats and cholesterol are actually good for you , though , so eat plenty of those ( like olive oil and avocados ) .	fish and vegetable fats and cholesterol is actually good for you , though , so eat plenty of those ( like olive oil and avocados ) .
the premiums for a return premium term life plan are usually much higher than for a regular level term life insurance policy .	the premiums for a return premium term life plan is usually much higher than for a regular level term life insurance policy .
lake of the woods is also home to the royal lake of the woods yacht club .	lake of the woods are also home to the royal lake of the woods yacht club .
each revert provides a slightly different frame of words , as i have attempted to find the most moderate tone possible - that will be acceptible to user ari89 , and to make the refences clearer to reinforce the who has done the research .	each revert provide a slightly different frame of words , as i have attempted to find the most moderate tone possible - that will be acceptible to user ari89 , and to make the refences clearer to reinforce the who has done the research .
the message is often in error .	the message are often in error .
applications of the plasma pencil are in wound healing , killing of oral bacteria , and in controlled surface modification of heat-sensitive materials .	applications of the plasma pencil is in wound healing , killing of oral bacteria , and in controlled surface modification of heat-sensitive materials .
reviews reprinted at the book 's publisher 's site include total film , which calls brottman 's work , `` worryingly exhaustive , [ and ] hungrily informed , '' and terrorizer which writes that the book is `` an informed study of both cultural and cinematic cannibalism .	reviews reprinted at the book 's publisher 's site includes total film , which calls brottman 's work , `` worryingly exhaustive , [ and ] hungrily informed , '' and terrorizer which writes that the book is `` an informed study of both cultural and cinematic cannibalism .
these academies are either non-profit organisations or provincial or interregional institutions .	these academies is either non-profit organisations or provincial or interregional institutions .
the village has a population of 819 .	the village have a population of 819 .
the game has rarely , if ever , been played since .	the game have rarely , if ever , been played since .
callers requesting emergency assistance are often in a state of heightened emotional distress , which makes it difficult to obtain the information needed to handle the call appropriately .	callers requesting emergency assistance is often in a state of heightened emotional distress , which makes it difficult to obtain the information needed to handle the call appropriately .
the general happiness is interrupted when the elephants , who have been unable to move during all their time in the barn , appear at the door to congratulate the proud mother .	the general happiness is interrupted when the elephants , who have been unable to move during all their time in the barn , appears at the door to congratulate the proud mother .
while burgh does draw extensively from outside theorists and authors , his ideas on parliamentary reform , free speech , and equal opportunity are novel .	while burgh does draw extensively from outside theorists and authors , his ideas on parliamentary reform , free speech , and equal opportunity is novel .
second , good ways to summarize material usually only become clear after that material has been written .	second , good ways to summarize material usually only becomes clear after that material has been written .
messages on a talk page , no matter how annoying , are not something to block people for .	messages on a talk page , no matter how annoying , is not something to block people for .
the tensor product of two finite algebras is finite , and the tensor product of an infinite algebra and a non-zero algebra is infinite .	the tensor product of two finite algebras are finite , and the tensor product of an infinite algebra and a non-zero algebra is infinite .
augmented reality content delivered to classrooms , or augmented additions to mobile devices such as this one also simulations which combine live training with simulated content are good candidates for vwf .	augmented reality content delivered to classrooms , or augmented additions to mobile devices such as this one also simulations which combine live training with simulated content is good candidates for vwf .
current changes in the universe due to dark energy are relatively subtle even when viewed across the whole length and duration of the universe .	current changes in the universe due to dark energy is relatively subtle even when viewed across the whole length and duration of the universe .
kingston who founded a breakaway sect of the church of latter day saints and whose name is still occasionally invoked in us polygamy debates .	kingston who founded a breakaway sect of the church of latter day saints and whose name are still occasionally invoked in us polygamy debates .
a concussion caused by say , a nuclear bomb , will move things , but a sound wave is really more like a boost mode for a short time , then the particles move back to where they were .	a concussion caused by say , a nuclear bomb , will move things , but a sound wave are really more like a boost mode for a short time , then the particles move back to where they were .
for current events probably the best way to handle things is to use a mix of international wire services and local , even if government-run , sources .	for current events probably the best way to handle things are to use a mix of international wire services and local , even if government-run , sources .
the only difference i notice is that your render has a smoother highlight along the left side of the cone of the right wine glass .	the only difference i notice are that your render has a smoother highlight along the left side of the cone of the right wine glass .
the two forms of waste produced , a noble metal form and a ceramic form , contain no plutonium or other actinides .	the two forms of waste produced , a noble metal form and a ceramic form , contains no plutonium or other actinides .
the species in this genus vary in size , but generally grow to about 1-2 feet and form in clumps .	the species in this genus vary in size , but generally grows to about 1-2 feet and form in clumps .
nests , often fairly low in the main fork of a tree , are relatively easy to access and thus have been historically compromised by egg and firewood collectors regularly .	nests , often fairly low in the main fork of a tree , is relatively easy to access and thus have been historically compromised by egg and firewood collectors regularly .
the college also annually hosts its ministry conference , usually in march or april .	the college also annually host its ministry conference , usually in march or april .
current priorities for the country 's technological development include energy efficiency , it ( including both common products and the products combined with space technology ) , nuclear energy and pharmaceuticals .	current priorities for the country 's technological development includes energy efficiency , it ( including both common products and the products combined with space technology ) , nuclear energy and pharmaceuticals .
signals transmitted through the pedal ganglia allow the worms to retract rapidly into their tube if threatened .	signals transmitted through the pedal ganglia allows the worms to retract rapidly into their tube if threatened .
the members of the trio are rantala ( piano ) , marzi nyman ( guitar ) and felix zenger ( beatbox ) .	the members of the trio is rantala ( piano ) , marzi nyman ( guitar ) and felix zenger ( beatbox ) .
well-known english players who came up through the mini rugby system include jeremy guscott , jeff probyn and ben clarke .	well-known english players who came up through the mini rugby system includes jeremy guscott , jeff probyn and ben clarke .
the final tour option , the centre tour , is purely self-guided around the visitors ' centre .	the final tour option , the centre tour , are purely self-guided around the visitors ' centre .
the point of this is to give the impression that we will desysop later if problems arise again so we will not seem to be giving an admin a pass for poor conduct .	the point of this are to give the impression that we will desysop later if problems arise again so we will not seem to be giving an admin a pass for poor conduct .
areas of technology research and development include biometrics , communications interoperability , information technology , less-lethal technologies ( e .	areas of technology research and development includes biometrics , communications interoperability , information technology , less-lethal technologies ( e .
la rochelle was the first french city , with rouen , to experience iconoclastic riots in 1560 , at the time of the suppression of the amboise conspiracy , before the riots spread to many other cities .	la rochelle was the first french city , with rouen , to experience iconoclastic riots in 1560 , at the time of the suppression of the amboise conspiracy , before the riots spreads to many other cities .
this step takes place over a long period of time .	this step take place over a long period of time .
the slopes of the north western side of the island are much drier than the rest of the island , and are often described as a desert named `` terre déserte '' in french .	the slopes of the north western side of the island is much drier than the rest of the island , and are often described as a desert named `` terre déserte '' in french .
the earliest homes in the district represent the gothic revival style , including robbins ' own .	the earliest homes in the district represents the gothic revival style , including robbins ' own .
the sustained use of many kinds of drugs causes adaptations within the body that tend to lessen the drug 's original effects over time , a phenomenon known as drug tolerance .	the sustained use of many kinds of drugs cause adaptations within the body that tend to lessen the drug 's original effects over time , a phenomenon known as drug tolerance .
and the only administrative action taken thus far is that will beback fully protected the page .	and the only administrative action taken thus far are that will beback fully protected the page .
the criteria for approval of an employment visa include suitable educational qualifications or work experience , a secured employment contract in moldova , provide proof of adequate means of subsistence in moldova , police confirmation that you have no criminal record , and a satisfactory medical examination .	the criteria for approval of an employment visa includes suitable educational qualifications or work experience , a secured employment contract in moldova , provide proof of adequate means of subsistence in moldova , police confirmation that you have no criminal record , and a satisfactory medical examination .
collectively the events are a crisis of the late middle history .	collectively the events is a crisis of the late middle history .
this physical property makes optical fibers useful and prismatic binoculars possible .	this physical property make optical fibers useful and prismatic binoculars possible .
maryland 's 3rd congressional district is a congressional district in the state of maryland .	maryland 's 3rd congressional district are a congressional district in the state of maryland .
historically the first recorded mention of these cakes is from 1252 and they are mentioned as well in ramon llull 's book blanquerna , written in 1283 .	historically the first recorded mention of these cakes are from 1252 and they are mentioned as well in ramon llull 's book blanquerna , written in 1283 .
his contributions both on the political front and within the reform movement are certainly noteworthy today and will be even more so a hundred years from now .	his contributions both on the political front and within the reform movement is certainly noteworthy today and will be even more so a hundred years from now .
bio , and comments on the talk page seem to confirm this .	bio , and comments on the talk page seems to confirm this .
other icons of peace include the olive branch and the concept of swords to plowshares .	other icons of peace includes the olive branch and the concept of swords to plowshares .
the 2007 film 's script is based primarily on the stage musical rather than the 1988 film , so several changes already made to the plot for the stage version remain in this version .	the 2007 film 's script is based primarily on the stage musical rather than the 1988 film , so several changes already made to the plot for the stage version remains in this version .
other writings from this period include the sonnet een portret ( a portrait ) and uw glimlach of uw bloemen ( your smile or your flowers ) .	other writings from this period includes the sonnet een portret ( a portrait ) and uw glimlach of uw bloemen ( your smile or your flowers ) .
and that verging-on-kiddie-porn photo gives me the creeps .	and that verging-on-kiddie-porn photo give me the creeps .
two early writings of note are nu , a book criticizing many other writers , including prominent romanian poets , and hugoliade , or , the grotesque and tragic life of victor hugo a satirical biography mocking victor hugo 's status as a great figure in french literature .	two early writings of note is nu , a book criticizing many other writers , including prominent romanian poets , and hugoliade , or , the grotesque and tragic life of victor hugo a satirical biography mocking victor hugo 's status as a great figure in french literature .
numerous private taxi cab companies operate in and around portland .	numerous private taxi cab companies operates in and around portland .
the photographer is italian and died in 1932 , verified in the source .	the photographer are italian and died in 1932 , verified in the source .
granitic intrusions within the caldera complex include the mcdougall brook microgranite and the somewhat younger mount pleasant granite .	granitic intrusions within the caldera complex includes the mcdougall brook microgranite and the somewhat younger mount pleasant granite .
the smallest forms of life-size portrait sculpture are the `` head '' , showing just that , or the bust , a representation of a person from the chest up .	the smallest forms of life-size portrait sculpture is the `` head '' , showing just that , or the bust , a representation of a person from the chest up .
the sources you have to support the inclusion of a controversy section appear to be invalid .	the sources you have to support the inclusion of a controversy section appears to be invalid .
i 'm still in kerry collins ' corner because i do n't believe that our record is a reflection of the quarterback play , '' fisher said .	i 'm still in kerry collins ' corner because i do n't believe that our record are a reflection of the quarterback play , '' fisher said .
arguments that the article was created by a banned user are completely irrelevant .	arguments that the article was created by a banned user is completely irrelevant .
as for this article , the intro does say why some of these couples are supercouples and some of the sources discuss why some of these couples are supercouples .	as for this article , the intro does say why some of these couples is supercouples and some of the sources discuss why some of these couples are supercouples .
the citizens of the city are strangely proud of this fact , even going so far as to say that `` it is easier to suffocate than drown in the ankh .	the citizens of the city is strangely proud of this fact , even going so far as to say that `` it is easier to suffocate than drown in the ankh .
many people consider her murder to be a case of an honour killing , while some islamic leaders claimed that it is only a case of domestic violence .	many people considers her murder to be a case of an honour killing , while some islamic leaders claimed that it is only a case of domestic violence .
the theme the variations are based on is one that was used in numerous composer 's arrangements , some being by the flautist drouet , by herz , and by mikhail glinka .	the theme the variations are based on are one that was used in numerous composer 's arrangements , some being by the flautist drouet , by herz , and by mikhail glinka .
claudia puig from usa today thought the film 's `` performances , plot and pacing are as mechanical as the hard-wired cast .	claudia puig from usa today thought the film 's `` performances , plot and pacing is as mechanical as the hard-wired cast .
proponents of health care reform argue that moving to a single-payer system would reallocate the money currently spent on the administrative overhead required to run the hundreds of insurance companies in the u .	proponents of health care reform argues that moving to a single-payer system would reallocate the money currently spent on the administrative overhead required to run the hundreds of insurance companies in the u .
your warnings on their talk page seem appropriate to me .	your warnings on their talk page seems appropriate to me .
the official reporter for supreme court decisions is the supreme court reports .	the official reporter for supreme court decisions are the supreme court reports .
the name literally means `` many colored ( saekdong ) clothes ( ot ) '' in korean .	the name literally mean `` many colored ( saekdong ) clothes ( ot ) '' in korean .
the mainly textiles , agriculture and finance are common business in that area .	the mainly textiles , agriculture and finance is common business in that area .
he was one of the scholars who believed that commodity shocks , deficit financing and government mismanagement are the bane of nigeria 's economic development .	he was one of the scholars who believed that commodity shocks , deficit financing and government mismanagement is the bane of nigeria 's economic development .
on the cathode , bubbles of hydrogen gas and a limestone precipitate appear .	on the cathode , bubbles of hydrogen gas and a limestone precipitate appears .
however , his content edits seem almost always to be disruptive .	however , his content edit seem almost always to be disruptive .
residents on a housing estate use their windows to reflect sunlight into a ring .	residents on a housing estate uses their windows to reflect sunlight into a ring .
the species in this genus are similar in size and structure , with stubby bills , stocky bodies and long tails .	the species in this genus is similar in size and structure , with stubby bills , stocky bodies and long tails .
examples of larger pelagic fish which predate the forage fish are billfish , tuna and oceanic sharks .	examples of larger pelagic fish which predate the forage fish is billfish , tuna and oceanic sharks .
important landmarks are very nearby like the st .	important landmarks is very nearby like the st .
looking primarily at macroeconomics , lawrence summers has criticized econometric formalism , arguing that `` the empirical facts of which we are most confident and which provide the most secure basis for theory are those that require the least sophisticated statistical analysis to perceive .	looking primarily at macroeconomics , lawrence summers has criticized econometric formalism , arguing that `` the empirical facts of which we are most confident and which provide the most secure basis for theory is those that require the least sophisticated statistical analysis to perceive .
sources that merely rate a product on release , which every product has almost , are indiscriminate .	sources that merely rate a product on release , which every product has almost , is indiscriminate .
occasional or one-time sales not part of a regular business are exempt , except that sales of three or more non-food animals ( puppies , kittens , etc .	occasional or one-time sales not part of a regular business is exempt , except that sales of three or more non-food animals ( puppies , kittens , etc .
entries into the search bar are auto-completed as users type , with facebook suggesting friends and second degree connections , facebook pages , automatically-generated topics , and finally web searches for anything facebook is not yet able to search for .	entries into the search bar is auto-completed as users type , with facebook suggesting friends and second degree connections , facebook pages , automatically-generated topics , and finally web searches for anything facebook is not yet able to search for .
the first houses of this type date from the 19th century , and many are still in use .	the first houses of this type date from the 19th century , and many is still in use .
the properties of pressed carrot seed oil are quite different from those of the essential oil .	the properties of pressed carrot seed oil is quite different from those of the essential oil .
however , their names also have an underlying meaning .	however , their names also has an underlying meaning .
the modern brick-built station building is on the south-east side of the station , nearest the town .	the modern brick-built station building are on the south-east side of the station , nearest the town .
fandorin is exceptionally lucky , a common trait in the fandorin family that skips every other generation ; allusions to this character trait appear in every novel .	fandorin is exceptionally lucky , a common trait in the fandorin family that skips every other generation ; allusions to this character trait appears in every novel .
the plan that is based for children is the medicaid basic plan .	the plan that is based for children are the medicaid basic plan .
pink floyd - the song tells the story about a student dreams about getting revenge against the abusive teachers .	pink floyd - the song tell the story about a student dreams about getting revenge against the abusive teachers .
so although electrochemical capacitors have lower energy densities than batteries , they have higher power densities and much longer cycle lifetime .	so although electrochemical capacitors has lower energy densities than batteries , they have higher power densities and much longer cycle lifetime .
in theatre lighting , a bastard color refers to a color , typically in a color gel , wherein the predominant color is blended with small amounts of complementary colors ; for example , a `` bastard orange '' gel would produce predominantly orange light with undertones of blue .	in theatre lighting , a bastard color refers to a color , typically in a color gel , wherein the predominant color is blended with small amounts of complementary colors ; for example , a `` bastard orange '' gel would produce predominantly orange light with undertones of blue .
the image contributes to the article by illustrating the main piano theme that gives the song its distinctive sound .	the image contribute to the article by illustrating the main piano theme that gives the song its distinctive sound .
the subject of myths and legends is a very wide and diverse one .	the subject of myths and legends are a very wide and diverse one .
examples of administrative sex segregation include sex segregation in government sponsored medical research , sports leagues , public hospitals with shared rooms , rehabilitation programs , and some public education facilities .	examples of administrative sex segregation includes sex segregation in government sponsored medical research , sports leagues , public hospitals with shared rooms , rehabilitation programs , and some public education facilities .
in that case , my original remark stands , since the set in question is obviously dense in its r-linear span , which is dense in the whole space by the theorem .	in that case , my original remark stand , since the set in question is obviously dense in its r-linear span , which is dense in the whole space by the theorem .
notions of the relationship between an individual 's outward appearance and inner character are historically ancient , and occasionally appear in early greek poetry .	notions of the relationship between an individual 's outward appearance and inner character is historically ancient , and occasionally appear in early greek poetry .
other recurring guest stars in the fifth season include nick bakay ( for the dirty dozens sketches ) and peter marshall ( for several editions of east hollywood squares ) .	other recurring guest stars in the fifth season includes nick bakay ( for the dirty dozens sketches ) and peter marshall ( for several editions of east hollywood squares ) .
arguments for and against the structure 's continued existence continue to provoke strong counter-arguments , from politicians , local press , design professionals , and the general public .	arguments for and against the structure 's continued existence continues to provoke strong counter-arguments , from politicians , local press , design professionals , and the general public .
as long as one does not quantify over functions in the latter sense , all such uses are in principle eliminable .	as long as one does not quantify over functions in the latter sense , all such uses is in principle eliminable .
the only minor flaw i see is that the shape of the beak is a little obscured in this full frontal view .	the only minor flaw i see are that the shape of the beak is a little obscured in this full frontal view .
experiments confirming the role of kin selection in worker policing demonstrate the effects of multiple matings , which can lead to lower average relatedness between workers .	experiments confirming the role of kin selection in worker policing demonstrates the effects of multiple matings , which can lead to lower average relatedness between workers .
paul darnley to let her come with him after she meets him when the train she is on crashes .	paul darnley to let her come with him after she meets him when the train she are on crashes .
the chief judges and district court administration meet regularly with the director of state courts to discuss current issues and to advise the supreme court and the director on matters of statewide concern .	the chief judges and district court administration meets regularly with the director of state courts to discuss current issues and to advise the supreme court and the director on matters of statewide concern .
many would argue that the only parts of the bible that are speculation on the part of the author ( s ) are the parts between the front and back cover .	many would argue that the only parts of the bible that are speculation on the part of the author ( s ) is the parts between the front and back cover .
people with a family history of mental illness have a higher than normal chance of adverse reaction .	people with a family history of mental illness has a higher than normal chance of adverse reaction .
the contents in half-life series storyline are simply plotlines and not game guides or walkthroughs , which i would otherwise suggest deleting or moving to strategywiki .	the contents in half-life series storyline is simply plotlines and not game guides or walkthroughs , which i would otherwise suggest deleting or moving to strategywiki .
tv passes purchased in the middle of a television season require the purchase of all previous episodes of the current season .	tv passes purchased in the middle of a television season requires the purchase of all previous episodes of the current season .
methods and accuracy in the reporting of population and economic activity vary widely , hence these figures should be seen as estimates rather than facts .	methods and accuracy in the reporting of population and economic activity varies widely , hence these figures should be seen as estimates rather than facts .
the instructions at the top of the page make it clear that the other party has to be informed , and that discussion should have taken place first .	the instructions at the top of the page makes it clear that the other party has to be informed , and that discussion should have taken place first .
the relative motion of the two plates is either sinistral ( left side toward the observer ) or dextral ( right side toward the observer ) .	the relative motion of the two plates are either sinistral ( left side toward the observer ) or dextral ( right side toward the observer ) .
whatever the history of an editor , the best thing to do when a particular infraction is minor , is to move on quickly .	whatever the history of an editor , the best thing to do when a particular infraction are minor , is to move on quickly .
other explanations of the custom 's origin include the idea that the tradition harks back to england 's pagan past , when hares were sacrificed to the goddess ēostre .	other explanations of the custom 's origin includes the idea that the tradition harks back to england 's pagan past , when hares were sacrificed to the goddess ēostre .
the viruses in this family that are of veterinary importance include japanese encephalitis virus , st .	the viruses in this family that are of veterinary importance includes japanese encephalitis virus , st .
revert limit on viewpoints is also a very good idea , i think it should be used in many aa articles ( if not all ) .	revert limit on viewpoints are also a very good idea , i think it should be used in many aa articles ( if not all ) .
because the truth is , i want a copy of this one .	because the truth are , i want a copy of this one .
the towering guardian is mute , but is able to make other sounds .	the towering guardian are mute , but is able to make other sounds .
each program starts with only one process , but new processes may be added to the queue using the spl instruction .	each program start with only one process , but new processes may be added to the queue using the spl instruction .
the needle-based ablation devices are very effective at heating a localized area to a high enough temperature to cause necrosis .	the needle-based ablation devices is very effective at heating a localized area to a high enough temperature to cause necrosis .
those two papers contain just two tables .	those two papers contains just two tables .
while such programs and their underlying pedagogy still exist today , behaviouristic approaches to language learning have been rejected by most language teachers , and the increasing sophistication of computer technology has led call to other possibilities .	while such programs and their underlying pedagogy still exists today , behaviouristic approaches to language learning have been rejected by most language teachers , and the increasing sophistication of computer technology has led call to other possibilities .
similar mechanisms appear to be at work in the physical development of adoptees .	similar mechanisms appears to be at work in the physical development of adoptees .
central to feminism is the idea that women are systematically subordinated , and bad faith exists when women surrender their agency to this subordination , e .	central to feminism is the idea that women are systematically subordinated , and bad faith exist when women surrender their agency to this subordination , e .
today , more than half a million people a year attend musical performances in the palau that range from symphonic and chamber music to jazz and cançó ( catalan song ) .	today , more than half a million people a year attends musical performances in the palau that range from symphonic and chamber music to jazz and cançó ( catalan song ) .
the uk queen similarly is not part of the government and is therefore not its head , even though the government in sense reports to her ( the government and parliament are theoretically subservient to the crown ) .	the uk queen similarly is not part of the government and is therefore not its head , even though the government in sense reports to her ( the government and parliament is theoretically subservient to the crown ) .
discovering blueprints of the mansion , they then discover that it 's a valuable , lost property built by famous architect charles lyle larue .	discovering blueprints of the mansion , they then discovers that it 's a valuable , lost property built by famous architect charles lyle larue .
members of the borough council are james j .	members of the borough council is james j .
substances that are removed during the process of drinking water treatment include suspended solids , bacteria , algae , viruses , fungi , minerals such as iron , manganese and sulphur , and other chemical pollutants such as fertilisers .	substances that are removed during the process of drinking water treatment includes suspended solids , bacteria , algae , viruses , fungi , minerals such as iron , manganese and sulphur , and other chemical pollutants such as fertilisers .
in defense of yanksox , i will say that the location of his personal attacks is not relevant .	in defense of yanksox , i will say that the location of his personal attacks are not relevant .
in general , crop rotation levels per unit area are very low .	in general , crop rotation levels per unit area is very low .
dihydroartemisinic acid then undergoes photo-oxidation to produce dihydroartemisinic acid hydroperoxide .	dihydroartemisinic acid then undergo photo-oxidation to produce dihydroartemisinic acid hydroperoxide .
other leading software solutions for card fraud include actimize , sas , bae detica , and ibm .	other leading software solutions for card fraud includes actimize , sas , bae detica , and ibm .
the organization may not be widely known among the general public , but it is known and notable among print experts , and the topic is encyclopedic .	the organization may not be widely known among the general public , but it is known and notable among print experts , and the topic are encyclopedic .
this article incorporates material translated from 立川飛行場 ( tachikawa hikōjō ) in the japanese wikipedia , retrieved on september 7 , 2008 .	this article incorporate material translated from 立川飛行場 ( tachikawa hikōjō ) in the japanese wikipedia , retrieved on september 7 , 2008 .
further arguments on the talk page make the same error by arguing to the content of the existing article , yet the sources that had already been supplied for the article answered some of the concerns stated .	further arguments on the talk page makes the same error by arguing to the content of the existing article , yet the sources that had already been supplied for the article answered some of the concerns stated .
while ergine is listed as a schedule iii substance in the united states , parts of the plant itself are not controlled , and seeds and plants are still sold by many nurseries and garden suppliers .	while ergine is listed as a schedule iii substance in the united states , parts of the plant itself is not controlled , and seeds and plants are still sold by many nurseries and garden suppliers .
the number of professional visitors is over two million people .	the number of professional visitors are over two million people .
i do n't believe that is acceptable , and i think the best way to avoid problems is simply to make it clear to him that edits pertaining to muslims or arabs in any way are off limits .	i do n't believe that is acceptable , and i think the best way to avoid problems are simply to make it clear to him that edits pertaining to muslims or arabs in any way are off limits .
i respect the guidelines as much as any other editor , but i realize that the reason these are not policies is because they are insufficient on their own to guide the criteria for deletion and inclusion .	i respect the guidelines as much as any other editor , but i realize that the reason these are not policies are because they are insufficient on their own to guide the criteria for deletion and inclusion .
you are just making one edit , but generally hours of thinking and work go into making that one edit .	you are just making one edit , but generally hours of thinking and work goes into making that one edit .
having completed two feature films , marino said that `` the goal in the upcoming years is to do two to three movies per year .	having completed two feature films , marino said that `` the goal in the upcoming years are to do two to three movies per year .
the two trends of increasing vulnerability over the internet and ease of attack make conflagration of iwar probable .	the two trends of increasing vulnerability over the internet and ease of attack makes conflagration of iwar probable .
that is not an excuse to say that articles that can only ever make it a short way up the quality scale are acceptable .	that is not an excuse to say that articles that can only ever make it a short way up the quality scale is acceptable .
crossings with no camera of any kind are likely to have chaotic traffic , as neither police nor technology are present to enforce the law .	crossings with no camera of any kind is likely to have chaotic traffic , as neither police nor technology are present to enforce the law .
if the abusive nature can be seen by looking at the page , then its removal is not surprising .	if the abusive nature can be seen by looking at the page , then its removal are not surprising .
the stable phase under normal conditions is orthorhombic with 8 atoms in the conventional unit cell .	the stable phase under normal conditions are orthorhombic with 8 atoms in the conventional unit cell .
each agency has a board , a user assembly and a council to ensure broad participation by various stakeholders in its decision-making process , both in planning and operations .	each agency have a board , a user assembly and a council to ensure broad participation by various stakeholders in its decision-making process , both in planning and operations .
akiko 's credits extend beyond her album projects .	akiko 's credits extends beyond her album projects .
my contribution history shows a wide array of articles i have been involved with over the last couple years .	my contribution history show a wide array of articles i have been involved with over the last couple years .
commentators who admire the play typically see timon as intended to have been a young man behaving in a naïve way .	commentators who admire the play typically sees timon as intended to have been a young man behaving in a naïve way .
all candidates run unopposed and are elected unanimously .	all candidates runs unopposed and are elected unanimously .
furthermore , your recent posts summarizing the history of the discussion are not completely accurate .	furthermore , your recent posts summarizing the history of the discussion is not completely accurate .
established strand swamps with a large amount of vegetation have deep peat layers .	established strand swamps with a large amount of vegetation has deep peat layers .
convenience links are just that - a convenience to the reader .	convenience links is just that - a convenience to the reader .
delete i can not find any reliable sources to back this up , most links on the net for it are copies of wikipedia ( which i must say was pretty quick since it was only created 3 days ago ) .	delete i can not find any reliable sources to back this up , most links on the net for it is copies of wikipedia ( which i must say was pretty quick since it was only created 3 days ago ) .
the main display is the ishtar gate and the procession way of babylon together with the throne room facade of nebuchadrezzar ii .	the main display are the ishtar gate and the procession way of babylon together with the throne room facade of nebuchadrezzar ii .
tips at the bottom of the screen give players tips on how to be a better freestyle dancer throughout the course of the song .	tips at the bottom of the screen gives players tips on how to be a better freestyle dancer throughout the course of the song .
its major american competitors in the plastic model kit market include amt-ertl , lindberg , and testors .	its major american competitors in the plastic model kit market includes amt-ertl , lindberg , and testors .
in most languages , vowels serve mainly to distinguish separate [ [ lexeme ] ] s , rather than different inflectional forms of the same lexeme as they commonly do in the semitic languages .	in most languages , vowels serves mainly to distinguish separate [ [ lexeme ] ] s , rather than different inflectional forms of the same lexeme as they commonly do in the semitic languages .
the number of conditional comments makes this one very hard to count .	the number of conditional comments make this one very hard to count .
there is little agreement on what the specific goals of load testing are .	there is little agreement on what the specific goals of load testing is .
the obvious conclusion is that murdoch stole it .	the obvious conclusion are that murdoch stole it .
protocols that perform packet segmentation at the source usually include a mechanism at the destination to reverse the process and reassemble the original packet from individual segments .	protocols that perform packet segmentation at the source usually includes a mechanism at the destination to reverse the process and reassemble the original packet from individual segments .
the consideration of these externalities - particularly the negative ones - is a part of transport economics .	the consideration of these externalities - particularly the negative ones - are a part of transport economics .
clarifies that children who leave foster care after age 16 for kinship guardianship are eligible for independent living services and makes them eligible for education and training vouchers .	clarifies that children who leave foster care after age 16 for kinship guardianship is eligible for independent living services and makes them eligible for education and training vouchers .
most species in this family live in mountainous habitats in and around the himalayas , and all are distributed in eurasia except the american bushtit , which is native to western north america .	most species in this family lives in mountainous habitats in and around the himalayas , and all are distributed in eurasia except the american bushtit , which is native to western north america .
the contest , by all means , is an internal program in an office , and the notability of the host corporation does not extend to the event itself .	the contest , by all means , are an internal program in an office , and the notability of the host corporation does not extend to the event itself .
other works for this instrumentation written from roughly the same period include those by johann nepomuk hummel , george onslow , jan ladislav dussek , louise farrenc , ferdinand ries , franz limmer , johann baptist cramer , and hermann goetz .	other works for this instrumentation written from roughly the same period includes those by johann nepomuk hummel , george onslow , jan ladislav dussek , louise farrenc , ferdinand ries , franz limmer , johann baptist cramer , and hermann goetz .
boarding places are guaranteed for previous boarders , there is a minimum standard of 7 'c ' grades at gcse expected , this requirement can be wavered if the pupil is a clear benefit to the school through other contributions such as sport or music .	boarding places are guaranteed for previous boarders , there is a minimum standard of 7 'c ' grades at gcse expected , this requirement can be wavered if the pupil are a clear benefit to the school through other contributions such as sport or music .
other artists on the soundtrack include joshua radin , david lichens , feeder , chris holmes , the chalets , future primitive , sajama , and john phillip sousa .	other artists on the soundtrack includes joshua radin , david lichens , feeder , chris holmes , the chalets , future primitive , sajama , and john phillip sousa .
schools in this area include newfield secondary school , recently rebuilt after many years of inadequate classrooms and facilities , and mundella primary school on derbyshire lane .	schools in this area includes newfield secondary school , recently rebuilt after many years of inadequate classrooms and facilities , and mundella primary school on derbyshire lane .
under such conditions the destructive , sadistic instincts of man , who is by nature a nomadic hunter , find themselves constricted and thwarted ; they are therefore turned inward .	under such conditions the destructive , sadistic instincts of man , who is by nature a nomadic hunter , finds themselves constricted and thwarted ; they are therefore turned inward .
my main concern with these sorts of proposals is that indexers ( google , yahoo !	my main concern with these sorts of proposals are that indexers ( google , yahoo !
in addition , the machines are typically inexpensive compared to soft drink or snack machines , which often require power and sometimes refrigeration to work .	in addition , the machines is typically inexpensive compared to soft drink or snack machines , which often require power and sometimes refrigeration to work .
since the planet has only been detected indirectly , properties such as its radius , composition , and temperature are unknown .	since the planet has only been detected indirectly , properties such as its radius , composition , and temperature is unknown .
weston-super-mare railway station serves the seaside town of weston-super-mare in north somerset , england .	weston-super-mare railway station serve the seaside town of weston-super-mare in north somerset , england .
images with large , simple , and continuous blocks of color which are not available as svg should be in png format .	images with large , simple , and continuous blocks of color which is not available as svg should be in png format .
the movie ends with him proclaiming that he will now follow his predatory virus nature ; he is not out to take over mainframe again , but instead simply seeks revenge on the guardians .	the movie end with him proclaiming that he will now follow his predatory virus nature ; he is not out to take over mainframe again , but instead simply seeks revenge on the guardians .
because of mandatory veterinary controls in slaughterhouses , large trichinellosis outbreaks due to horse meat consumption are rare , but cases in hunters and their families after raw or rare wild boar meat consumption are regularly reported , with over one hundred cases since 1975 .	because of mandatory veterinary controls in slaughterhouses , large trichinellosis outbreaks due to horse meat consumption is rare , but cases in hunters and their families after raw or rare wild boar meat consumption are regularly reported , with over one hundred cases since 1975 .
the emphasis is on quietness , subtlety and allowing the words of the libretto to be heard ; there are only four fortissimos in the entire score .	the emphasis is on quietness , subtlety and allowing the words of the libretto to be heard ; there is only four fortissimos in the entire score .
the total number of deadly accidents including the estimates for the early years is 772 .	the total number of deadly accidents including the estimates for the early years are 772 .
estimates for the cost of facility construction are a major part of the cost estimate domain .	estimates for the cost of facility construction is a major part of the cost estimate domain .
the lift system comprises 38 gondolas and lifts connecting 61 ski runs .	the lift system comprise 38 gondolas and lifts connecting 61 ski runs .
processed foods with added salt have the most , of course , then meat and dairy products , but things like celery and spinach also have a significant amount .	processed foods with added salt have the most , of course , then meat and dairy products , but things like celery and spinach also has a significant amount .
opponents of consumer activism often represent business interests .	opponents of consumer activism often represents business interests .
the influence of these works is especially prominent in the `` roman catechism '' which the council of trent ordered written for parish priests and for all teachers of religion .	the influence of these works are especially prominent in the `` roman catechism '' which the council of trent ordered written for parish priests and for all teachers of religion .
victims of bullying typically are physically smaller , more sensitive , unhappy , cautious , anxious , quiet , and withdrawn .	victims of bullying typically is physically smaller , more sensitive , unhappy , cautious , anxious , quiet , and withdrawn .
both songs on this release are covers , the first track by cheap trick and the second by kraftwerk .	both songs on this release is covers , the first track by cheap trick and the second by kraftwerk .
all the alternatives to conventional peer review make use of subsequent citation as the test for quality -- which is reasonable because such citation is from the same group from whom the reviewers would have come .	all the alternatives to conventional peer review makes use of subsequent citation as the test for quality -- which is reasonable because such citation is from the same group from whom the reviewers would have come .
wythoff 's game is a two-player mathematical game of strategy , played with two piles of counters .	wythoff 's game are a two-player mathematical game of strategy , played with two piles of counters .
the ingredients of the energy potion are , in order of listing , glucuronolactone , malic acid , dl-phenylalanine , l-taurine , n-acetyl l-tyrosine , caffeine .	the ingredients of the energy potion is , in order of listing , glucuronolactone , malic acid , dl-phenylalanine , l-taurine , n-acetyl l-tyrosine , caffeine .
the following examples are from robotstxt .	the following examples is from robotstxt .
the trekking camp is an annual that is conducted for the benefit of all sportsmen .	the trekking camp are an annual that is conducted for the benefit of all sportsmen .
this group of nominations seems not very discriminate , containing both the central character of the series and some much less important ones .	this group of nominations seem not very discriminate , containing both the central character of the series and some much less important ones .
supporters of the new plan say it will benefit wildlife by making more acres off-limits to logging than had been reserved for owls , murrelets , and watershed protection under the old plan .	supporters of the new plan says it will benefit wildlife by making more acres off-limits to logging than had been reserved for owls , murrelets , and watershed protection under the old plan .
the book is now out of print and worldcat finds only 28 libraries worldwide with a copy .	the book are now out of print and worldcat finds only 28 libraries worldwide with a copy .
note that the remedies that a patent holder can receive are of a lower standard than for a post-grant patent infringement .	note that the remedies that a patent holder can receive is of a lower standard than for a post-grant patent infringement .
fair use in the bitter tea of general yenthough this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	fair use in the bitter tea of general yenthough this image are subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .
the self-advocacy movement for people with disabilities has its roots in the broader civil rights movements of the 1960s and 1970s but is in many respects still in its infancy .	the self-advocacy movement for people with disabilities have its roots in the broader civil rights movements of the 1960s and 1970s but is in many respects still in its infancy .
p ; that is , that some problems that can be solved in polynomial time also require more than logarithmic space .	p ; that is , that some problems that can be solved in polynomial time also requires more than logarithmic space .
the characteristics of this climate are due to the situation of the municipality , sheltered from the atlantic storms .	the characteristics of this climate is due to the situation of the municipality , sheltered from the atlantic storms .
about the current use thing , the same problem happens with text .	about the current use thing , the same problem happen with text .
the show features the tweto family from unalakleet , alaska who run the alaska airline era alaska .	the show feature the tweto family from unalakleet , alaska who run the alaska airline era alaska .
to achieve this goal , individuals with an absolute deficiency of insulin require insulin replacement therapy , which is given through injections or an insulin pump .	to achieve this goal , individuals with an absolute deficiency of insulin requires insulin replacement therapy , which is given through injections or an insulin pump .
an historical feature of these friends and relations is that their close relationships all predated their fame as writers , artists , and thinkers .	an historical feature of these friends and relations are that their close relationships all predated their fame as writers , artists , and thinkers .
the eight fastest drivers in the 20 minute session go on to drive in the super pole .	the eight fastest drivers in the 20 minute session goes on to drive in the super pole .
the true origins of traffic control are unknown to us but historical evidence has proven that traffic problems started when highways came into existence .	the true origins of traffic control is unknown to us but historical evidence has proven that traffic problems started when highways came into existence .
large portions of the text in the development section are a copyvio of postmortems from game developer .	large portions of the text in the development section is a copyvio of postmortems from game developer .
vowels , of course , are notoriously highly variable .	vowels , of course , is notoriously highly variable .
the award is given to a producer whose recordings released during the eligibility period represent extraordinary creativity in the area of record production .	the award is given to a producer whose recordings released during the eligibility period represents extraordinary creativity in the area of record production .
he is an avid reader and develops into a `` frighteningly intelligent '' student at university high school , where his antisocial behavior leads the administration to give him straight a 's if he agrees not to return .	he is an avid reader and develops into a `` frighteningly intelligent '' student at university high school , where his antisocial behavior lead the administration to give him straight a 's if he agrees not to return .
if a player reaches 300 points on the later multi screen series games without having lost a life , they are rewarded with double points until they lose a life , whereupon the game returns to single-point increments .	if a player reaches 300 points on the later multi screen series games without having lost a life , they are rewarded with double points until they lose a life , whereupon the game return to single-point increments .
works dealing with astronomy and astrology are numerous .	works dealing with astronomy and astrology is numerous .
strange fits of passion have i known '' is a seven-stanza poem ballad by the english romantic poet william wordsworth .	strange fits of passion has i known '' is a seven-stanza poem ballad by the english romantic poet william wordsworth .
the foundation claims that results show that teachers who use this method of instruction in their reading curriculum see a high level of growth in levels of critical thinking and reading comprehension .	the foundation claims that results show that teachers who use this method of instruction in their reading curriculum sees a high level of growth in levels of critical thinking and reading comprehension .
parts of the wreckage are still in use as pig shelters .	parts of the wreckage is still in use as pig shelters .
because of land clearing , few stands of lowland snow gum remain , and considerable efforts are being put into preserving the remnants .	because of land clearing , few stands of lowland snow gum remains , and considerable efforts are being put into preserving the remnants .
words ending on j , t or d have - ( j ) e as suffix .	words ending on j , t or d has - ( j ) e as suffix .
the length of the bridges that unite the 3 sections of the buildings is 26 metres .	the length of the bridges that unite the 3 sections of the buildings are 26 metres .
the two chimneys from the old power station still exist in the grounds of an ikea store , and they have ikea coloured bands near their tops .	the two chimneys from the old power station still exists in the grounds of an ikea store , and they have ikea coloured bands near their tops .
the similarity of terms or documents within these spaces is a factor of how close they are to each other in these spaces , typically computed as a function of the angle between the corresponding vectors .	the similarity of terms or documents within these spaces are a factor of how close they are to each other in these spaces , typically computed as a function of the angle between the corresponding vectors .
concepts of positive psychology like hope and altruism provide a positive work environment that influences the moods and attitudes of workers .	concepts of positive psychology like hope and altruism provides a positive work environment that influences the moods and attitudes of workers .
other factors affecting an individual 's life expectancy are genetic disorders , obesity , access to health care , diet , exercise , tobacco smoking , drug use and excessive alcohol use .	other factors affecting an individual 's life expectancy is genetic disorders , obesity , access to health care , diet , exercise , tobacco smoking , drug use and excessive alcohol use .
some have been quarantined and others marked for recommendation ; research of new worlds continues today .	some have been quarantined and others marked for recommendation ; research of new worlds continue today .
as you would expect from a new stand , the facilities and view of the playing action are good .	as you would expect from a new stand , the facilities and view of the playing action is good .
also , traits such as body height are the sum of many effects .	also , traits such as body height is the sum of many effects .
highlights of the game include piggybacked jumps from the hyori-jaesuk and yejin-jongshin tandems .	highlights of the game includes piggybacked jumps from the hyori-jaesuk and yejin-jongshin tandems .
electrons , within an electron shell around an atom , tend to distribute themselves as far apart from each other , within the given shell , as they can ( due to each one being negatively charged ) .	electrons , within an electron shell around an atom , tends to distribute themselves as far apart from each other , within the given shell , as they can ( due to each one being negatively charged ) .
a further mystifying clue presents itself when mcpherson 's dog is found dead at the very pool where mcpherson met his end .	a further mystifying clue present itself when mcpherson 's dog is found dead at the very pool where mcpherson met his end .
contact details at bottom of the page suggest a greater possibility of promoting a product or company .	contact details at bottom of the page suggests a greater possibility of promoting a product or company .
the ethical principles applicable to a practising ca provided in first and second schedule of the chartered accountants act , 1949 are more rigorous than the ones applicable to non-practicing cas or both .	the ethical principles applicable to a practising ca provided in first and second schedule of the chartered accountants act , 1949 is more rigorous than the ones applicable to non-practicing cas or both .
while its not possible to verify nguyễn văn linh 's claim , several members criticised the documents emphasize on conservative socialist ideology , and some even called for a new ideological legitimization for the party .	while its not possible to verify nguyễn văn linh 's claim , several members criticised the documents emphasizes on conservative socialist ideology , and some even called for a new ideological legitimization for the party .
the parish has a population of 898 .	the parish have a population of 898 .
later non-christian uses of the empty throne motif include the `` bema feast '' , the most important annual feast of persian manichaeism , when a `` bema '' or empty throne represented the prophet mani at a meal for worshippers .	later non-christian uses of the empty throne motif includes the `` bema feast '' , the most important annual feast of persian manichaeism , when a `` bema '' or empty throne represented the prophet mani at a meal for worshippers .
their acts , written for the most part prior to the ninth century , describe them as persians martyred under decius , in about the year 250 , and contain several fictitious statements about the cause and occasion of their coming to rome and the nature of their torments .	their acts , written for the most part prior to the ninth century , describes them as persians martyred under decius , in about the year 250 , and contain several fictitious statements about the cause and occasion of their coming to rome and the nature of their torments .
the proportion of pupils with special educational needs is well below average , while the proportion of pupils with statements is average .	the proportion of pupils with special educational needs is well below average , while the proportion of pupils with statements are average .
fooden ( 1990 , ) says the mindanao record is erroneous , not the result of an introduction .	fooden ( 1990 , ) says the mindanao record are erroneous , not the result of an introduction .
along with the discovery of over 800 numbered video cassettes capturing several thousand hours chronicling his sadism , numerous dead bodies buried in the back yard ( including the body of the original tenant ) , they find cheryl dempsey still alive , 8 years after her original abduction .	along with the discovery of over 800 numbered video cassettes capturing several thousand hours chronicling his sadism , numerous dead bodies buried in the back yard ( including the body of the original tenant ) , they finds cheryl dempsey still alive , 8 years after her original abduction .
points of interest in this section include the thames barrier , severndroog castle , eltham palace and the remains of the crystal palace .	points of interest in this section includes the thames barrier , severndroog castle , eltham palace and the remains of the crystal palace .
the experiments on consumption , locomotion , and learning suggest that exposure to ethanol influences behavior of honey bees similarly to that observed in experiments with analogous vertebrates .	the experiments on consumption , locomotion , and learning suggests that exposure to ethanol influences behavior of honey bees similarly to that observed in experiments with analogous vertebrates .
arab movement for renewal , ) is an israeli arab political party in israel led by ahmad tibi .	arab movement for renewal , ) are an israeli arab political party in israel led by ahmad tibi .
remember ( as i said in irc ) - wikipedia is not censored and all the images on that page are free use images ( i think on commons ) .	remember ( as i said in irc ) - wikipedia is not censored and all the images on that page is free use images ( i think on commons ) .
hence , every accumulation point of s is in s , so s is closed .	hence , every accumulation point of s are in s , so s is closed .
law enforcement agencies from across the nation and around the world often look to the lasd seb and lapd swat teams for training and advice , often sending experienced officers to train under both departments .	law enforcement agencies from across the nation and around the world often looks to the lasd seb and lapd swat teams for training and advice , often sending experienced officers to train under both departments .
other general elements of ballroom technique important for waltz are foot parallelism , rise and fall , contra body movement and sway .	other general elements of ballroom technique important for waltz is foot parallelism , rise and fall , contra body movement and sway .
furthermore , it is potentially libelous to the persons implied by his claims , especially considering that people on the other side of the coin most certainly know many of his claims are categorically false .	furthermore , it is potentially libelous to the persons implied by his claims , especially considering that people on the other side of the coin most certainly knows many of his claims are categorically false .
numerous structures on site include both residential and office buildings .	numerous structures on site includes both residential and office buildings .
offset provisions in the cap and trade scheme are however controversial and have been challenged in court .	offset provisions in the cap and trade scheme is however controversial and have been challenged in court .
another issue is that you want to make it my responsibility to clean up your own inappropriate citations , yet at the same time you would undo my edits .	another issue are that you want to make it my responsibility to clean up your own inappropriate citations , yet at the same time you would undo my edits .
the gothic inscription reads lubbert das was a comical ( foolish ) character in dutch literature .	the gothic inscription read lubbert das was a comical ( foolish ) character in dutch literature .
current patterns of demand at the upper end of the market are likely to continue , increasing problems of division of social groups and affordability .	current patterns of demand at the upper end of the market is likely to continue , increasing problems of division of social groups and affordability .
individuals aiming to serve in the federal legislature generally seek election to the state legislature ( which generally have lower minimum ages for entry ) or other state office before seeking to serve in washington .	individuals aiming to serve in the federal legislature generally seek election to the state legislature ( which generally has lower minimum ages for entry ) or other state office before seeking to serve in washington .
newer graves on the western side of the path generally face east .	newer graves on the western side of the path generally faces east .
k records are further referenced by los campesinos !	k records is further referenced by los campesinos !
the big man concept is relatively fluid , and formal authority of such figures is very low to nonexistent .	the big man concept is relatively fluid , and formal authority of such figures are very low to nonexistent .
the feeding habits of the orange sun star are not well known , but examination of the stomach contents has found the remains of sea cucumbers and of the blood star , ( henricia leviuscula ) .	the feeding habits of the orange sun star is not well known , but examination of the stomach contents has found the remains of sea cucumbers and of the blood star , ( henricia leviuscula ) .
investments in the industrial sector continue to mostly be limited to the repair of existing industrial plants .	investments in the industrial sector continues to mostly be limited to the repair of existing industrial plants .
do not delete - the people who originally put this article into dispute and now want to delete this page have no foundations or facts for doing this besides the fact that they have a jealous hatred of nigel gohl .	do not delete - the people who originally put this article into dispute and now want to delete this page has no foundations or facts for doing this besides the fact that they have a jealous hatred of nigel gohl .
statistics showing the ever-increasing prevalence of obesity in the last decade create implications for the healthcare system .	statistics showing the ever-increasing prevalence of obesity in the last decade creates implications for the healthcare system .
relativistic plasmas in physics are plasmas for which relativistic corrections to a particle 's mass and velocity are important .	relativistic plasmas in physics are plasmas for which relativistic corrections to a particle 's mass and velocity is important .
australia too , though international copyrights have to be sought usually .	australia too , though international copyrights has to be sought usually .
samples used in the track include the likes of david attenborough and david bellamy .	samples used in the track includes the likes of david attenborough and david bellamy .
criticisms have been especially targeted at african american styles of music as they began attracting white , generally youthful audiences ; blues , jazz , rock and hip hop all fall into this category .	criticisms have been especially targeted at african american styles of music as they began attracting white , generally youthful audiences ; blues , jazz , rock and hip hop all falls into this category .
the station retains its signal box and semaphore signalling .	the station retain its signal box and semaphore signalling .
the other high schools in the city are harbour view high school , st .	the other high schools in the city is harbour view high school , st .
even though my views on the issue appear to be closer to yours , i have so far avoided putting them anywhere other than the talk page for fear of fanning the flames of war .	even though my views on the issue appears to be closer to yours , i have so far avoided putting them anywhere other than the talk page for fear of fanning the flames of war .
the second sequence features anastacia and her dancers dressed as gangster like characters dancing in front of a large screen with guns .	the second sequence feature anastacia and her dancers dressed as gangster like characters dancing in front of a large screen with guns .
the town spans about north to south , but is less than a kilometer ( 0 .	the town span about north to south , but is less than a kilometer ( 0 .
the diatonic circle of fifths is the circle of fifths encompassing only members of the diatonic scale .	the diatonic circle of fifths are the circle of fifths encompassing only members of the diatonic scale .
protocols for evaluation of research quality are still in development .	protocols for evaluation of research quality is still in development .
discussions about validity are just part and parcel of wikipedia , please understand that .	discussions about validity is just part and parcel of wikipedia , please understand that .
the dangers and deprivation that they encounter in the republican side encourage the trio to go to valencia .	the dangers and deprivation that they encounter in the republican side encourages the trio to go to valencia .
the outlines of the chancel arch are also visible on the inside of the west wall .	the outlines of the chancel arch is also visible on the inside of the west wall .
but a list of people who made guest appearances on two long-running shows like these is very loose and unmanageable .	but a list of people who made guest appearances on two long-running shows like these are very loose and unmanageable .
research on the brains of depressed patients usually shows disturbed pattern of interaction between multiple parts of the brain .	research on the brains of depressed patients usually show disturbed pattern of interaction between multiple parts of the brain .
traditional health issues such as childcare and infant mortality continue to feature in the league 's programs alongside more recent developments such as anti-smoking campaigns ; home vegetable growing initiatives such as kai in the yard and child car seat campaigns .	traditional health issues such as childcare and infant mortality continues to feature in the league 's programs alongside more recent developments such as anti-smoking campaigns ; home vegetable growing initiatives such as kai in the yard and child car seat campaigns .
the ore reserves around this area are home to major business houses of goa like sesa goa , dempo , timblo , salgaokar etc .	the ore reserves around this area is home to major business houses of goa like sesa goa , dempo , timblo , salgaokar etc .
as such , the template is redundant and should be deleted .	as such , the template are redundant and should be deleted .
google hits and a curiosity article do not an encyclopedic entry make .	google hits and a curiosity article does not an encyclopedic entry make .
the parents of a young boy wonder and argue why he fears the toilet .	the parents of a young boy wonder and argues why he fears the toilet .
the references in the article are all to related organisations that exist to promote `` intellectual property rights '' , and certainly not independent coverage ( only one of these is not a blog post ) .	the references in the article is all to related organisations that exist to promote `` intellectual property rights '' , and certainly not independent coverage ( only one of these is not a blog post ) .
other stratigraphic dates are somewhat more recent but are not confirmed by c-14 .	other stratigraphic dates is somewhat more recent but are not confirmed by c-14 .
the stone used for the buildings is of local origin and was obtained from marine deposits present in the valley , or from the bevera riverbed .	the stone used for the buildings are of local origin and was obtained from marine deposits present in the valley , or from the bevera riverbed .
several versions of the body style exist , including four-door , two-door and fastback variants of both .	several versions of the body style exists , including four-door , two-door and fastback variants of both .
the 13 aesthetic knotsthe thirteen aesthetic knots described in the book , in order of size , are as follows .	the 13 aesthetic knotsthe thirteen aesthetic knots described in the book , in order of size , is as follows .
support notable event in the politics of international relations , though god only knows why the whole world is obsessed with israel and palestine .	support notable event in the politics of international relations , though god only know why the whole world is obsessed with israel and palestine .
when subjected to formal research , symptoms of depression , pain , and gastric dysfunction seem to correlate with mild cases of hypercalcemia .	when subjected to formal research , symptoms of depression , pain , and gastric dysfunction seems to correlate with mild cases of hypercalcemia .
villages with distance are melchettipattu ( 2 .	villages with distance is melchettipattu ( 2 .
although there are no quantifiers in this notation , variables appearing in the head of the rule are still implicitly universally quantified , while variables only appearing in the body of the rule are still implicitly existentially quantified .	although there are no quantifiers in this notation , variables appearing in the head of the rule is still implicitly universally quantified , while variables only appearing in the body of the rule are still implicitly existentially quantified .
since the possible values of f are well-ordered , this property can be established by proving for any r ( not in i ) with minimal value of f ( r ) in its class .	since the possible values of f is well-ordered , this property can be established by proving for any r ( not in i ) with minimal value of f ( r ) in its class .
assume that each room has exactly one person from each group .	assume that each room have exactly one person from each group .
the largest demand for military satellites is from the us .	the largest demand for military satellites are from the us .
conference information , including presentations from past conferences , is available at the nafpi web site .	conference information , including presentations from past conferences , are available at the nafpi web site .
in translocation heterozygote , however , certain patterns of chromosome segregation during meiosis produce genetically unbalanced gametes that at fertilization become deleterious to the zygote .	in translocation heterozygote , however , certain patterns of chromosome segregation during meiosis produces genetically unbalanced gametes that at fertilization become deleterious to the zygote .
however , the children in the northernmost part of the area spend all their compulsory education at apelskolan .	however , the children in the northernmost part of the area spends all their compulsory education at apelskolan .
if applicable , separate collections for garden and food waste typically run on intervening fortnightly weeks to those of municipal waste and share infrastructure and transport .	if applicable , separate collections for garden and food waste typically runs on intervening fortnightly weeks to those of municipal waste and share infrastructure and transport .
the natural landscapes and lush wildlife and growth of the outlying area are mostly hydric hammocks and flatwoods , with scrub pine ridges and sugar sandy soils .	the natural landscapes and lush wildlife and growth of the outlying area is mostly hydric hammocks and flatwoods , with scrub pine ridges and sugar sandy soils .
i think that 's where the template experts hang out .	i think that 's where the template experts hangs out .
other mental diseases that also exhibit impulse control disorder include such mental disorders as antisocial personality disorder , or schizophrenia .	other mental diseases that also exhibit impulse control disorder includes such mental disorders as antisocial personality disorder , or schizophrenia .
the number of sessions depends on various parameters , including the area of the body being treated , skin color , coarseness of hair , reason for hirsutism , and sex .	the number of sessions depend on various parameters , including the area of the body being treated , skin color , coarseness of hair , reason for hirsutism , and sex .
renewable supplies with variable production , like wind and solar power , tend to increase the net variation in electric load , increasing the opportunity for grid energy storage .	renewable supplies with variable production , like wind and solar power , tends to increase the net variation in electric load , increasing the opportunity for grid energy storage .
the first paragraph is a given , while the two statements are optional .	the first paragraph is a given , while the two statements is optional .
more suggestions these are ideas to try and help - not a requirement .	more suggestions these is ideas to try and help - not a requirement .
many states follow the federal depreciation rules .	many states follows the federal depreciation rules .
the only sources of the lake are rain water and an underground spring .	the only sources of the lake is rain water and an underground spring .
respectfully personal attacks and marginalization are not welcome by this editor .	respectfully personal attacks and marginalization is not welcome by this editor .
special plant crops such as tobacco , wine , fruit and horticulture are of supranational importance and offer the inhabitants and visitors a diverse and wide selection of local products .	special plant crops such as tobacco , wine , fruit and horticulture is of supranational importance and offer the inhabitants and visitors a diverse and wide selection of local products .
the film is notable for the deck 's realistic pitch-and-toss rolling motion , achieved using an articulated film set that rocked side-to-side in front of a stationary camera .	the film are notable for the deck 's realistic pitch-and-toss rolling motion , achieved using an articulated film set that rocked side-to-side in front of a stationary camera .
producers on the album include tricky stewart , the-dream , sean garrett , the clutch , brian kennedy , and j .	producers on the album includes tricky stewart , the-dream , sean garrett , the clutch , brian kennedy , and j .
the proponents of gender equality argue that it is not only humane and ethical thing to provide everyone easy access to education without any gender bias , but it is also essential for development and progress of a society that both men and women are educated .	the proponents of gender equality argues that it is not only humane and ethical thing to provide everyone easy access to education without any gender bias , but it is also essential for development and progress of a society that both men and women are educated .
the flight feathers and tail have white spots on the tips which are diagnostic for both sexes , and especially visible in flight .	the flight feathers and tail has white spots on the tips which are diagnostic for both sexes , and especially visible in flight .
animal species in the park with special conservation status are the northern spotted owl , california mountain kingsnake , tailed frog , del norte salamander , northern goshawk , olive-sided flycatcher , little willow flycatcher , siskiyou gazelle beetle , and pacific fisher .	animal species in the park with special conservation status is the northern spotted owl , california mountain kingsnake , tailed frog , del norte salamander , northern goshawk , olive-sided flycatcher , little willow flycatcher , siskiyou gazelle beetle , and pacific fisher .
these workplace bullying bills would typically have allowed employees to sue their employers for creating an `` abusive work environment , '' and most have been supported by the notion that laws against workplace bullying are necessary to protect public health .	these workplace bullying bills would typically have allowed employees to sue their employers for creating an `` abusive work environment , '' and most have been supported by the notion that laws against workplace bullying is necessary to protect public health .
at any point in time , the computer system resources are busy processing the tasks for individual jobs , while other tasks are waiting for those resources to become available .	at any point in time , the computer system resources is busy processing the tasks for individual jobs , while other tasks are waiting for those resources to become available .
as others have noted , a threat to go to the media is n't a blockable threat .	as others have noted , a threat to go to the media are n't a blockable threat .
my proposal is that wikipedia thinks seriously about having watchdog groups to monitor and rearrange badly designed articles .	my proposal are that wikipedia thinks seriously about having watchdog groups to monitor and rearrange badly designed articles .
common marketing techniques for small business include networking , word of mouth , customer referrals , yellow pages directories , television , radio , outdoor ( roadside billboards ) , print , email marketing , and internet .	common marketing techniques for small business includes networking , word of mouth , customer referrals , yellow pages directories , television , radio , outdoor ( roadside billboards ) , print , email marketing , and internet .
the stones , arranged in a square pattern with astronomical significance , cover an area of .	the stones , arranged in a square pattern with astronomical significance , covers an area of .
these concerts continue under the `` electric voices '' brand and include world-renowned acts such as dick gaughan , the copper family , ashley hutchings , bill caddick , coope boyes and simpson and many other leading musicians in this field .	these concerts continues under the `` electric voices '' brand and include world-renowned acts such as dick gaughan , the copper family , ashley hutchings , bill caddick , coope boyes and simpson and many other leading musicians in this field .
the control panels at the left hand end of the instrument include the d6 clavinet mixture controls and a sliding control for the volume .	the control panels at the left hand end of the instrument includes the d6 clavinet mixture controls and a sliding control for the volume .
during the summer months , the staff includes 15 park rangers .	during the summer months , the staff include 15 park rangers .
older fabrics ( especially cotton and low budget synthetic ) , have the tendency to stretch with wind pressure which results in distorted and consequently inefficient sail shapes .	older fabrics ( especially cotton and low budget synthetic ) , has the tendency to stretch with wind pressure which results in distorted and consequently inefficient sail shapes .
ad hominem arguments should be avoided , but comments that attempt to accurately characterize an editor 's global position seem fair game ; unfortunately they can also come across as dismissive .	ad hominem arguments should be avoided , but comments that attempt to accurately characterize an editor 's global position seems fair game ; unfortunately they can also come across as dismissive .
private schools in the area include the yeshiva of manhattan beach , a jewish day school for grades k-8 , and the yeshiva gedolah bais shimon of manhattan beach , which is a post-high school rabbinical program .	private schools in the area includes the yeshiva of manhattan beach , a jewish day school for grades k-8 , and the yeshiva gedolah bais shimon of manhattan beach , which is a post-high school rabbinical program .
arguments in favour of the ban include that msm ( 'men who have had sex with men ' ) are at the greatest risk of acquiring sexually transmitted diseases such as syphilis and at a far greater risk than the heterosexual population .	arguments in favour of the ban includes that msm ( 'men who have had sex with men ' ) are at the greatest risk of acquiring sexually transmitted diseases such as syphilis and at a far greater risk than the heterosexual population .
strong support his work with users in coaching them , and with lists of basic topics is definitely quite good .	strong support his work with users in coaching them , and with lists of basic topics are definitely quite good .
thus , the principles operate within the balance of nature , with a goal of protecting and conserving those elements of the ecology that nurture the environment .	thus , the principles operates within the balance of nature , with a goal of protecting and conserving those elements of the ecology that nurture the environment .
i expect the number of people interested in those latter topics is far smaller than those interested in sf .	i expect the number of people interested in those latter topics are far smaller than those interested in sf .
all guitars on the album are acoustic .	all guitars on the album is acoustic .
through ecotourism , the local people living in poverty are able to have a say in how they would like to develop the park that is going to protect the land they live in .	through ecotourism , the local people living in poverty is able to have a say in how they would like to develop the park that is going to protect the land they live in .
the wolf man ( 1941 ) ( the edges of the appliance are clearly visible through most of the film ) , and a rubber head piece for boris karloff in bride of frankenstein ( 1935 ) and son of frankenstein ( 1939 ) .	the wolf man ( 1941 ) ( the edges of the appliance is clearly visible through most of the film ) , and a rubber head piece for boris karloff in bride of frankenstein ( 1935 ) and son of frankenstein ( 1939 ) .
the levels of the maxima and minima are always equidistant from 1 .	the levels of the maxima and minima is always equidistant from 1 .
the prohibition of the united states constitution against individual states having diplomatic relations with foreign states is absolute ; these recently evolved duties are of a purely commercial nature .	the prohibition of the united states constitution against individual states having diplomatic relations with foreign states are absolute ; these recently evolved duties are of a purely commercial nature .
some scientists including asch and ebenholtz believe in the independent association hypothesis think that the equal strengths of forward and backward recall are compatible with their hypothesis because forward and backward recall could be independent but with equal strengths .	some scientists including asch and ebenholtz believe in the independent association hypothesis think that the equal strengths of forward and backward recall is compatible with their hypothesis because forward and backward recall could be independent but with equal strengths .
in india , practitioners of both modern medicine and traditional medicine are subject to professional regulation .	in india , practitioners of both modern medicine and traditional medicine is subject to professional regulation .
as usual if the player is successful he scores what he hits ; if not , his score is halved .	as usual if the player are successful he scores what he hits ; if not , his score is halved .
these cards , although printed with a different layout and mostly abbreviated card text , are legal in both constructed and limited tournaments .	these cards , although printed with a different layout and mostly abbreviated card text , is legal in both constructed and limited tournaments .
you are required to be civil in all edits , your edits to your user page are not civil .	you are required to be civil in all edits , your edits to your user page is not civil .
automated colorimetric techniques , gas chromatography and liquid chromatography are currently in use for the laboratory analysis of the drug in physiological specimens .	automated colorimetric techniques , gas chromatography and liquid chromatography is currently in use for the laboratory analysis of the drug in physiological specimens .
her contributions to the field of vision sciences include a patent for yellow filter lenses ; these represent a paradigm shift in the world of optics , from refractive through to preventive optics .	her contributions to the field of vision sciences includes a patent for yellow filter lenses ; these represent a paradigm shift in the world of optics , from refractive through to preventive optics .
functional equivalent exemptions apply where compliance with other environmental laws requires environmental analysis similar to nepa .	functional equivalent exemptions applies where compliance with other environmental laws requires environmental analysis similar to nepa .
ear disease is a subfield of otolaryngology addressing the pathology of the ear .	ear disease are a subfield of otolaryngology addressing the pathology of the ear .
often , the storage containers for the product vinyl chloride are high capacity spheres .	often , the storage containers for the product vinyl chloride is high capacity spheres .
during this stunt the vehicle always experiences a ( not necessarily constant ) acceleration vector pointing along the car 's forward direction , but the velocity vector will reverse direction from initially pointing backwards to forward , leaving the `` hook '' mark .	during this stunt the vehicle always experience a ( not necessarily constant ) acceleration vector pointing along the car 's forward direction , but the velocity vector will reverse direction from initially pointing backwards to forward , leaving the `` hook '' mark .
i 'm sure other names on that list have some nice pedigrees as well .	i 'm sure other names on that list has some nice pedigrees as well .
the place for these articles is on comixpedia , not wikipedia .	the place for these articles are on comixpedia , not wikipedia .
alana told bob that the product of their ages is equal to 36 .	alana told bob that the product of their ages are equal to 36 .
all cartoons on this disc are part of the post-1948 tv package .	all cartoons on this disc is part of the post-1948 tv package .
ue , etc ; my frustration is that these rm discussions happen on one talk page after another , and articles are moved , without citation of any fact , against consensus policy , and against rs .	ue , etc ; my frustration is that these rm discussions happens on one talk page after another , and articles are moved , without citation of any fact , against consensus policy , and against rs .
bridge governing bodies contains articles on bridge governing bodies , e .	bridge governing bodies contain articles on bridge governing bodies , e .
during the summer months , species of fox , lynx and bear are not unusual .	during the summer months , species of fox , lynx and bear is not unusual .
perfume members use their nicknames on stage or tv rather than their real names .	perfume members uses their nicknames on stage or tv rather than their real names .
locations in this category are where busking or street performance is done .	locations in this category is where busking or street performance is done .
the standard ( and only , as far as i recall ) solution appears to be splitting wide tables into two or more separate tables , duplicating the first column in each table .	the standard ( and only , as far as i recall ) solution appear to be splitting wide tables into two or more separate tables , duplicating the first column in each table .
i agree that the references currently in the article are unreliable , but many of the sources found by the search that i linked above are reliable , and notability depends on the existence of sources , not their citation .	i agree that the references currently in the article is unreliable , but many of the sources found by the search that i linked above are reliable , and notability depends on the existence of sources , not their citation .
the french book in the references has a complete chapter about jhalkaribai and importance of her image in socio-political situation of uttar pradesh .	the french book in the references have a complete chapter about jhalkaribai and importance of her image in socio-political situation of uttar pradesh .
the summit offers views of the fraser valley to the north and west and of the cheam range and north cascade mountains to the south .	the summit offer views of the fraser valley to the north and west and of the cheam range and north cascade mountains to the south .
airbus also provides independent shuttle services to destinations in southern ontario , and most hotels located within the airport perimeter provide their own shuttle services as well .	airbus also provides independent shuttle services to destinations in southern ontario , and most hotels located within the airport perimeter provides their own shuttle services as well .
the total amount of troops serving currently in peacekeeping missions is 10 , 173 ( as of march 2007 ) .	the total amount of troops serving currently in peacekeeping missions are 10 , 173 ( as of march 2007 ) .
bottled drinking water is less likely to contain cryptosporidium , especially if the water is from an underground source .	bottled drinking water is less likely to contain cryptosporidium , especially if the water are from an underground source .
the size of the testicles usually returns to normal within a few weeks of discontinuing anabolic steroid use as normal production of sperm resumes .	the size of the testicles usually return to normal within a few weeks of discontinuing anabolic steroid use as normal production of sperm resumes .
the synthesized voices at the end of the song appear courtesy of the macintalk speech feature of apple 's macintosh computers .	the synthesized voices at the end of the song appears courtesy of the macintalk speech feature of apple 's macintosh computers .
the main weapons of the game are a crude-like sword , war hammer , claws , and the crossbow .	the main weapons of the game is a crude-like sword , war hammer , claws , and the crossbow .
the trapezoidal enclosure , which originally had 53 large boundary stones , is 34 metres long and 8 to 11 metres wide ( 39 stones have survived ) .	the trapezoidal enclosure , which originally had 53 large boundary stones , are 34 metres long and 8 to 11 metres wide ( 39 stones have survived ) .
it should be noted that large amounts of carbon dioxide actually form carbonic acid when dissolved in water ; thus the carbon dioxide literally tends to create acidosis of the blood .	it should be noted that large amounts of carbon dioxide actually forms carbonic acid when dissolved in water ; thus the carbon dioxide literally tends to create acidosis of the blood .
a list of notable peaks is below .	a list of notable peaks are below .
the lyrics of the song itself seem to reflect the union between kusanagi and project 2501 which takes place towards the end of the movie .	the lyrics of the song itself seems to reflect the union between kusanagi and project 2501 which takes place towards the end of the movie .
and the folks who do the stone carving , as a group , have an excellent reputation for accuracy .	and the folks who do the stone carving , as a group , has an excellent reputation for accuracy .
the landlord is a two-year-old girl ( played by mckay 's daughter , pearl ) who wears a princess dress , swears at her tenant and is finally calmed by taking will 's beer .	the landlord are a two-year-old girl ( played by mckay 's daughter , pearl ) who wears a princess dress , swears at her tenant and is finally calmed by taking will 's beer .
increasing settlement density in buildings ( and smaller distances between buildings ) is usually a response to high ground prices resulting from many people wanting to live close to work or similar attractors .	increasing settlement density in buildings ( and smaller distances between buildings ) are usually a response to high ground prices resulting from many people wanting to live close to work or similar attractors .
the number of counted editions exceeds 2000 ; 1000 different editions are preserved in the british museum .	the number of counted editions exceed 2000 ; 1000 different editions are preserved in the british museum .
all apartments in this building are relatively small , with two rooms yet with plenty storage space .	all apartments in this building is relatively small , with two rooms yet with plenty storage space .
the restaurant also has a licensing deal with mermaid man and barnacle boy , and toys featuring the duo appear in the restaurant 's kids ' meals .	the restaurant also has a licensing deal with mermaid man and barnacle boy , and toys featuring the duo appears in the restaurant 's kids ' meals .
the english commission has five commissioners , including a chairman , all appointed by the lord chancellor .	the english commission have five commissioners , including a chairman , all appointed by the lord chancellor .
the shape is long and narrow , stretching from west to east .	the shape are long and narrow , stretching from west to east .
but the current picture is one i took myself , and only uploaded it under the same name .	but the current picture are one i took myself , and only uploaded it under the same name .
with respects , it is quite logical that articles dealing with an upcoming film project speak about predecessors .	with respects , it is quite logical that articles dealing with an upcoming film project speaks about predecessors .
one tradition contends that his parents were childless for many years .	one tradition contend that his parents were childless for many years .
the area under these curves thus gives a relative indication of the energy required to drive the crack tip through the sample ( force times path length gives energy ) .	the area under these curves thus give a relative indication of the energy required to drive the crack tip through the sample ( force times path length gives energy ) .
long-fibered flax , potatoes , and vegetables are the most typical of the region 's agriculture .	long-fibered flax , potatoes , and vegetables is the most typical of the region 's agriculture .
the sample is of reduced quality ( and or timespan ) compared to the original yet sufficient of resolution for commentary and identification .	the sample are of reduced quality ( and or timespan ) compared to the original yet sufficient of resolution for commentary and identification .
projections for the growth of the interactive patient care market are optimistic , and much of this optimism is predicated upon the increasing demand from the growing elderly population as well as the newly insured population ( created by the recent health care reform ) .	projections for the growth of the interactive patient care market is optimistic , and much of this optimism is predicated upon the increasing demand from the growing elderly population as well as the newly insured population ( created by the recent health care reform ) .
in this usage , the words are put together in order to voice the not unheard-of opinion that the two mainstream american political parties are two sides of the same coin .	in this usage , the words are put together in order to voice the not unheard-of opinion that the two mainstream american political parties is two sides of the same coin .
another editor thinks the article makes a claim of notability .	another editor think the article makes a claim of notability .
the engine then pushes or pulls the car so that the derailed wheel runs up the rerailer and back onto the track .	the engine then push or pulls the car so that the derailed wheel runs up the rerailer and back onto the track .
films in this genre include american pie 2 and even wedding crashers .	films in this genre includes american pie 2 and even wedding crashers .
his whereabouts are currently unknown but unreliable resources say they have seen him flying over newfoundland .	his whereabouts are currently unknown but unreliable resources says they have seen him flying over newfoundland .
informal methods of validation and verification are some of the more frequently used in modeling and simulation .	informal methods of validation and verification is some of the more frequently used in modeling and simulation .
all the links in the article are trivial mentions .	all the links in the article is trivial mentions .
it is in the section cubensae , other mushrooms of this section include psilocybe subcubensis .	it is in the section cubensae , other mushrooms of this section includes psilocybe subcubensis .
on the other hand , disadvantages of whole body counting are that it can only be used for gamma emitters , except in special circumstances , and it can misinterpret external contamination as an internal contamination .	on the other hand , disadvantages of whole body counting is that it can only be used for gamma emitters , except in special circumstances , and it can misinterpret external contamination as an internal contamination .
the combinatorial work necessary for optimal estimates of the strengths of others hands is hard , probably intractable .	the combinatorial work necessary for optimal estimates of the strengths of others hands are hard , probably intractable .
the leaflets emerge from the rachis at varying angles creating a stiff , plumose leaf .	the leaflets emerges from the rachis at varying angles creating a stiff , plumose leaf .
army school , but half the people in the category are former south vietnamese officers .	army school , but half the people in the category is former south vietnamese officers .
important people in the community 's newspaper history are the brothers frank and henry geisler , edward e .	important people in the community 's newspaper history is the brothers frank and henry geisler , edward e .
however , he adds that only in a minority of schizophrenia cases `` the child is able to retain the good maternal image '' .	however , he adds that only in a minority of schizophrenia cases `` the child are able to retain the good maternal image '' .
clients across this period include pepsi , budweiser , bacardi , nintendo , nissan , remington , the bbc , channel 4 , itv , mtv , vh-1 and sky .	clients across this period includes pepsi , budweiser , bacardi , nintendo , nissan , remington , the bbc , channel 4 , itv , mtv , vh-1 and sky .
minor technical violations of the wording , but not the spirit , of policy are less critical , i feel .	minor technical violations of the wording , but not the spirit , of policy is less critical , i feel .
changes include having six alderman replace the five trustees , dividing the city into three wards , and appointing a city clerk position to replace the recorder .	changes includes having six alderman replace the five trustees , dividing the city into three wards , and appointing a city clerk position to replace the recorder .
the cost of knowledge is a protest by academics against the business practices of academic journal publisher elsevier .	the cost of knowledge are a protest by academics against the business practices of academic journal publisher elsevier .
the three basic types of gap loss are angular misalignment loss , lateral offset loss , and longitudinal displacement loss .	the three basic types of gap loss is angular misalignment loss , lateral offset loss , and longitudinal displacement loss .
the lovely picturesque surroundings with the beauty of mother nature make this a perfect tourist spot .	the lovely picturesque surroundings with the beauty of mother nature makes this a perfect tourist spot .
traditions vary in each town with the way it is carried out .	traditions varies in each town with the way it is carried out .
having respect for the rules and regulations that govern edits here is a basic requirement for keeping your editing rights .	having respect for the rules and regulations that govern edits here are a basic requirement for keeping your editing rights .
other characteristics common in short syndrome are a triangular face , small chin with a dimple , a loss of fat under the skin ( lipodystrophy ) , abnormal position of the ears , hearing loss and delayed speech .	other characteristics common in short syndrome is a triangular face , small chin with a dimple , a loss of fat under the skin ( lipodystrophy ) , abnormal position of the ears , hearing loss and delayed speech .
the goal to limit teen pregnancy is shared by republicans and democrats , though avenues of reduction are usually different .	the goal to limit teen pregnancy is shared by republicans and democrats , though avenues of reduction is usually different .
supreme identity ' , according to an expression borrowed from islamic esoterism , where the doctrine on this and on many other points is fundamentally the same as in the hindu tradition , in spite of great differences in form .	supreme identity ' , according to an expression borrowed from islamic esoterism , where the doctrine on this and on many other points are fundamentally the same as in the hindu tradition , in spite of great differences in form .
i would note that still only 2 members of the list have claims of masonry in their articles .	i would note that still only 2 members of the list has claims of masonry in their articles .
opinions about another morning show in the market are just that , opinions and therefore do not qualify .	opinions about another morning show in the market is just that , opinions and therefore do not qualify .
rewrite is indicated per discussion , and stubbification may be appropriate in the meantime , but the article stays .	rewrite is indicated per discussion , and stubbification may be appropriate in the meantime , but the article stay .
the soils in the aspen parkland biome are also quite fertile , especially around edmonton and saskatoon .	the soils in the aspen parkland biome is also quite fertile , especially around edmonton and saskatoon .
even today 's computers and simulation software are not adequate .	even today 's computers and simulation software is not adequate .
williams ' second child is son austin , who was born in 1991 , with actress stacey dash .	williams ' second child are son austin , who was born in 1991 , with actress stacey dash .
iron nuclei are the most stable nuclei ( in particular iron-56 ) , and the best sources of energy are therefore nuclei whose weights are as far removed from iron as possible .	iron nuclei are the most stable nuclei ( in particular iron-56 ) , and the best sources of energy is therefore nuclei whose weights are as far removed from iron as possible .
outside of that , stereotypes of wealth and status are far more reliable indicators of interracial marriage than race .	outside of that , stereotypes of wealth and status is far more reliable indicators of interracial marriage than race .
several works of this cycle are not extant .	several works of this cycle is not extant .
the common core of the two versions preserved in the e and g manuscripts goes back to the twelfth century .	the common core of the two versions preserved in the e and g manuscripts go back to the twelfth century .
regimes for reducing discomfort on withdrawal include a very gradual reduction in dose ( over 6 to 12 weeks ) , and changing to a ssri with a long half life , e .	regimes for reducing discomfort on withdrawal includes a very gradual reduction in dose ( over 6 to 12 weeks ) , and changing to a ssri with a long half life , e .
the reason i added those tags is because you reverted my three weeks of edits ( i think it was two actually , hehe ) .	the reason i added those tags are because you reverted my three weeks of edits ( i think it was two actually , hehe ) .
charitable donations of money are as common as the volunteering of time .	charitable donations of money is as common as the volunteering of time .
co2 emissions per capita are the highest in the oecd , with a significant portion from international road transport .	co2 emissions per capita is the highest in the oecd , with a significant portion from international road transport .
the forward- and rearward-generated sounds of a speaker driver appear out of phase from each other because they are generated through opposite motion of the diaphragm and because they travel different paths before converging at the listener 's position .	the forward- and rearward-generated sounds of a speaker driver appears out of phase from each other because they are generated through opposite motion of the diaphragm and because they travel different paths before converging at the listener 's position .
turman 's other television appearances include the twilight zone segment `` paladin of the lost hour '' ( co-starring danny kaye with a script by harlan ellison ) , matlock , millennium , and the sitcom all of us .	turman 's other television appearances includes the twilight zone segment `` paladin of the lost hour '' ( co-starring danny kaye with a script by harlan ellison ) , matlock , millennium , and the sitcom all of us .
since september , 2001 , 33 building complexes for top-secret intelligence work are either under construction or have been built .	since september , 2001 , 33 building complexes for top-secret intelligence work is either under construction or have been built .
the object collections not on view are available by appointment only and subject to accessibility .	the object collections not on view is available by appointment only and subject to accessibility .
the third major bank regulator , designed to swiftly remove failing banks is the federal deposit insurance corporation , a bailout fund and resolution authority that can eliminate banks that are failing , with minimum disruption to the banking industry itself .	the third major bank regulator , designed to swiftly remove failing banks are the federal deposit insurance corporation , a bailout fund and resolution authority that can eliminate banks that are failing , with minimum disruption to the banking industry itself .
recently , among hundreds of highly energetic projects , the promotions of gender equality and its role in healthcare are also raised .	recently , among hundreds of highly energetic projects , the promotions of gender equality and its role in healthcare is also raised .
now shopping , conventions , fine dining , and outdoor beauty are also major forces in attracting tourist dollars .	now shopping , conventions , fine dining , and outdoor beauty is also major forces in attracting tourist dollars .
each chapter tells a third person omniscient , but focuses heavily on the point of view from each of the penderwick sisters .	each chapter tell a third person omniscient , but focuses heavily on the point of view from each of the penderwick sisters .
this prototype is not the final product and nothing will be saved .	this prototype are not the final product and nothing will be saved .
conditioned reflexes , on the contrary , are a function of the cerebral cortex and can be developed under the action of the most varied stimuli applied to different receptive fields .	conditioned reflexes , on the contrary , is a function of the cerebral cortex and can be developed under the action of the most varied stimuli applied to different receptive fields .
in the limit of r approaching zero , the wigner semicircle distribution becomes a dirac delta function .	in the limit of r approaching zero , the wigner semicircle distribution become a dirac delta function .
systems which require the torque of the system under test to be measured typically use a strain gauge mounted on a torque arm that is attached to the housing perpendicular to the input shaft .	systems which require the torque of the system under test to be measured typically uses a strain gauge mounted on a torque arm that is attached to the housing perpendicular to the input shaft .
the mere idea that she suggests banning people who make frivolous complaints is funny , because she labels any complaint against her and her friends to be frivolous .	the mere idea that she suggests banning people who make frivolous complaints are funny , because she labels any complaint against her and her friends to be frivolous .
examples of such unrelated comment are brews , that argument just show your lack of insight in modern physics , which goes off on a discussion of general relativity that has no connection whatsoever to what was written , it makes sense to choose a standard .	examples of such unrelated comment is brews , that argument just show your lack of insight in modern physics , which goes off on a discussion of general relativity that has no connection whatsoever to what was written , it makes sense to choose a standard .
the stories in this section typically reveal an experience that had a profound impact on the author 's life or the life of her children .	the stories in this section typically reveals an experience that had a profound impact on the author 's life or the life of her children .
other complexity measures used in complexity theory include communication complexity , circuit complexity , and decision tree complexity .	other complexity measures used in complexity theory includes communication complexity , circuit complexity , and decision tree complexity .
the gifts it received of which records exist are in small amounts , usually a few pennies or guilders .	the gifts it received of which records exists are in small amounts , usually a few pennies or guilders .
the second colour morph , from the west african savanna , is banded black and yellow , with a black tail , the head is brownish-yellow on top , the lips , chin and throat are yellow .	the second colour morph , from the west african savanna , is banded black and yellow , with a black tail , the head is brownish-yellow on top , the lips , chin and throat is yellow .
i am nominating this for featured article because the article is comprehensive in covering the topic and anything regarding the playstation brand .	i am nominating this for featured article because the article are comprehensive in covering the topic and anything regarding the playstation brand .
fifa world cup , for which nearly all countries in the world participate at the qualifying stage and 32 make the finals ) .	fifa world cup , for which nearly all countries in the world participate at the qualifying stage and 32 makes the finals ) .
exploration of the caves is one of the delightful experiences of the tsankawi hike , but caution must be used not to touch the structures as this can cause harmful deterioration .	exploration of the caves are one of the delightful experiences of the tsankawi hike , but caution must be used not to touch the structures as this can cause harmful deterioration .
the requirements for declaration of cessation of incapacity regarding the regent are the same ones that are valid for a declaration of cessation of incapacity regarding the sovereign .	the requirements for declaration of cessation of incapacity regarding the regent is the same ones that are valid for a declaration of cessation of incapacity regarding the sovereign .
proposals concerning graduate student training and research collaboration are under preparation .	proposals concerning graduate student training and research collaboration is under preparation .
some minor prose issues remain , but certainly nothing substantial enough so as to delay promotion to fa .	some minor prose issues remains , but certainly nothing substantial enough so as to delay promotion to fa .
large outdoor music festivals in the summer and autumn are popular , such as glastonbury , v festival , and the reading and leeds festivals .	large outdoor music festivals in the summer and autumn is popular , such as glastonbury , v festival , and the reading and leeds festivals .
see limit of a function for details on limits and why this order of operations is important .	see limit of a function for details on limits and why this order of operations are important .
downwards social comparisons involve comparing oneself to an individual perceived to be inferior to or less skilled than the self .	downwards social comparisons involves comparing oneself to an individual perceived to be inferior to or less skilled than the self .
the first few sections are excellent and extremely well-written .	the first few sections is excellent and extremely well-written .
his behavior , language , agenda , article interests and mode of operation are completely identical .	his behavior , language , agenda , article interests and mode of operation is completely identical .
tumor suppressor candidate 4 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the tusc4 gene .	tumor suppressor candidate 4 are a protein that in humans is encoded by the tusc4 gene .
a novel norindenoisoquinoline structure reveals a common interfacial inhibitor paradigm for ternary trappingof topoisomerase i-dna covalent complexes .	a novel norindenoisoquinoline structure reveal a common interfacial inhibitor paradigm for ternary trappingof topoisomerase i-dna covalent complexes .
the pristine area where the birds live is one of the last remaining such andean cloud forests in the country .	the pristine area where the birds live are one of the last remaining such andean cloud forests in the country .
it is from this realm that the various hosts and the avatar of the phoenix do their phoenix work , while they wait to resurrect .	it is from this realm that the various hosts and the avatar of the phoenix does their phoenix work , while they wait to resurrect .
it turns out that , for certain energies , the transmission coefficient is equal to one , i .	it turns out that , for certain energies , the transmission coefficient are equal to one , i .
the characters c , g , r , q , 1 , a , e , r , and t are useful for quickly distinguishing arial and helvetica .	the characters c , g , r , q , 1 , a , e , r , and t is useful for quickly distinguishing arial and helvetica .
he was incarcerated in prison camps near vladivostok and magadan , and the circumstances of his death and its date are uncertain , the registered date of 1944 in all likelihood invented .	he was incarcerated in prison camps near vladivostok and magadan , and the circumstances of his death and its date is uncertain , the registered date of 1944 in all likelihood invented .
other minor ports in the coast line of the province are the bo , cau trang , b12 , mui chua , dien cong , bach thai buoi , tien yen and dan tien .	other minor ports in the coast line of the province is the bo , cau trang , b12 , mui chua , dien cong , bach thai buoi , tien yen and dan tien .
other types of municipality in the province include an indian government district , an island municipality , two mountain resort municipalities , a regional municipality and a resort municipality .	other types of municipality in the province includes an indian government district , an island municipality , two mountain resort municipalities , a regional municipality and a resort municipality .
a strong desire to save articles at all costs is not an excuse for ignoring clear rules .	a strong desire to save articles at all costs are not an excuse for ignoring clear rules .
you also want to consider whether the information is relevant to the article .	you also want to consider whether the information are relevant to the article .
a double-critical graph is a connected graph in which the deletion of any pair of adjacent vertices decreases the chromatic number by two .	a double-critical graph are a connected graph in which the deletion of any pair of adjacent vertices decreases the chromatic number by two .
that brought up reliever clarence mitchell , who went six for sixteen as a pinch-hitter this season and sometimes fills in at first base and in the outfield .	that brought up reliever clarence mitchell , who went six for sixteen as a pinch-hitter this season and sometimes fill in at first base and in the outfield .
the article is very worthy of keeping and expanding .	the article are very worthy of keeping and expanding .
the guernsey cow has many notable advantages for the dairy farmer over other breeds .	the guernsey cow have many notable advantages for the dairy farmer over other breeds .
transportation battalion ( united states ) , non-combat service support units of battalion size or smaller have to have their notability clearly established .	transportation battalion ( united states ) , non-combat service support units of battalion size or smaller has to have their notability clearly established .
our main criteria for stub type creation are category coherence , and size .	our main criteria for stub type creation is category coherence , and size .
the performers in question are both deceased .	the performers in question is both deceased .
distributed in the lowland forests of northeastern australia , new guinea and nearby islands , members of this genus are monogamous and sexually monomorphic .	distributed in the lowland forests of northeastern australia , new guinea and nearby islands , members of this genus is monogamous and sexually monomorphic .
may 19 , a fleet of almost 200 ships of crusaders ( second crusade ) leaves from dartmouth in england , consisting of flemish , frisian , norman , english , scottish , and some german crusaders .	may 19 , a fleet of almost 200 ships of crusaders ( second crusade ) leave from dartmouth in england , consisting of flemish , frisian , norman , english , scottish , and some german crusaders .
remedy should specify whether the ban includes the talk page .	remedy should specify whether the ban include the talk page .
millions more books that are in copyright but out of print are currently available in google books in a shorter 'snippet view .	millions more books that are in copyright but out of print is currently available in google books in a shorter 'snippet view .
oppose , the fact that this editors main contributions are reviewing gas says it all .	oppose , the fact that this editors main contributions are reviewing gas say it all .
students in the cedar creek area attend cedar creek elementary school , cedar creek intermediate school , cedar creek middle school , and cedar creek high school .	students in the cedar creek area attends cedar creek elementary school , cedar creek intermediate school , cedar creek middle school , and cedar creek high school .
this one-way trail starts across from the morrow mountain pool and runs through the woods , connecting the pool , the camp office , and the three family campgrounds .	this one-way trail start across from the morrow mountain pool and runs through the woods , connecting the pool , the camp office , and the three family campgrounds .
the main objective of economic pressures is to make it difficult for the country to fulfill its basic obligations to the citizenry either by cutting off trade or by depriving it of resources .	the main objective of economic pressures are to make it difficult for the country to fulfill its basic obligations to the citizenry either by cutting off trade or by depriving it of resources .
i apologise if my nomination of this article for deletion surprises you , but since we are an encyclopedia aimed at the general public , our criteria for inclusion are somewhat generic and do not necessarily take into account what the experts in a particular field consider notable .	i apologise if my nomination of this article for deletion surprises you , but since we are an encyclopedia aimed at the general public , our criteria for inclusion is somewhat generic and do not necessarily take into account what the experts in a particular field consider notable .
agaritine is a weak carcinogen , however , and estimates for cumulative lifetime risk from mushroom consumption are approximately 1 in 10 , 000 .	agaritine is a weak carcinogen , however , and estimates for cumulative lifetime risk from mushroom consumption is approximately 1 in 10 , 000 .
intestinal villus edits of the disambiguation page torus show mathematical incompetence ( just as they struggled with univalent holomorphic functions ) .	intestinal villus edits of the disambiguation page torus shows mathematical incompetence ( just as they struggled with univalent holomorphic functions ) .
due to a smaller crystal field splitting energy , the halide complexes of the first transition series are all high spin when possible .	due to a smaller crystal field splitting energy , the halide complexes of the first transition series is all high spin when possible .
even so , the reasons behind the block are not what i would like to see .	even so , the reasons behind the block is not what i would like to see .
list of acts is nearly entirely redlinked .	list of acts are nearly entirely redlinked .
in this case the white reflections on the plane make it far brighter than the background sky so the plane appears white and the sky appears black .	in this case the white reflections on the plane makes it far brighter than the background sky so the plane appears white and the sky appears black .
the transition between the late bronze age and iron age remains as at most northern levantine site 's problematic , but preliminary results from the end of the 2007 campaign show the city was inhabited during the 11th-10th century bce .	the transition between the late bronze age and iron age remains as at most northern levantine site 's problematic , but preliminary results from the end of the 2007 campaign shows the city was inhabited during the 11th-10th century bce .
the trail begins at the verkamps visitor center at 2 , 000 million years ago , and ends at the yavapai geology museum .	the trail begin at the verkamps visitor center at 2 , 000 million years ago , and ends at the yavapai geology museum .
consultants in this centre provide assistance with study and writing skills as well as academic skills workshops for all students .	consultants in this centre provides assistance with study and writing skills as well as academic skills workshops for all students .
other materials , such as spent fuel and high-level waste , are highly radioactive and require special handling .	other materials , such as spent fuel and high-level waste , is highly radioactive and require special handling .
former choir directors at the choir school include donald bryant , donald g .	former choir directors at the choir school includes donald bryant , donald g .
at pastor mike 's house , linden and holder interrogate the pastor after seeing that his car is a rental .	at pastor mike 's house , linden and holder interrogate the pastor after seeing that his car are a rental .
differences , often a source of conflict , are at the heart of the listening , regard and touch .	differences , often a source of conflict , is at the heart of the listening , regard and touch .
two texas counties are under a tornado warning right now .	two texas counties is under a tornado warning right now .
organic materials such as ivory and bone are fragile and prone to environmental deterioration .	organic materials such as ivory and bone is fragile and prone to environmental deterioration .
precedent suggests that local houses of worship need some kind of significance above mere confirmable existence to be notable , and no case is made for that in this article .	precedent suggests that local houses of worship needs some kind of significance above mere confirmable existence to be notable , and no case is made for that in this article .
assertions that the article has no possibility of expansion seem farfetched to me .	assertions that the article has no possibility of expansion seems farfetched to me .
the surviving parts of the crater rim are heavily worn and eroded , with notches and indentations formed by past impacts .	the surviving parts of the crater rim is heavily worn and eroded , with notches and indentations formed by past impacts .
he seems trustworthy , and the fact that he gave up the tools voluntarily says a fair bit in his favor .	he seems trustworthy , and the fact that he gave up the tools voluntarily say a fair bit in his favor .
the most common complications of the posterior pharyngeal wall flap are hyponasality , nasal obstruction , snoring , and sleep apnea .	the most common complications of the posterior pharyngeal wall flap is hyponasality , nasal obstruction , snoring , and sleep apnea .
but the way to get things changed is to engage rather than to criticise from afar .	but the way to get things changed are to engage rather than to criticise from afar .
side 3 's colonies are identical in size and shape to the island 3 design , but doubled the habitable area by removing the large window strips of the island 3 .	side 3 's colonies is identical in size and shape to the island 3 design , but doubled the habitable area by removing the large window strips of the island 3 .
her efforts and struggle to save her father and democracy remain a lasting legacy that is deeply respected among in her rivals .	her efforts and struggle to save her father and democracy remains a lasting legacy that is deeply respected among in her rivals .
this article is about the bridge built in 1966 which currently carries i-270 traffic .	this article are about the bridge built in 1966 which currently carries i-270 traffic .
the nez perce story actually is just given as one example of a larger theme .	the nez perce story actually are just given as one example of a larger theme .
debates about the origin of bird flight are almost as old as the idea that birds evolved from dinosaurs , which arose soon after the discovery of archaeopteryx in 1862 .	debates about the origin of bird flight is almost as old as the idea that birds evolved from dinosaurs , which arose soon after the discovery of archaeopteryx in 1862 .
one possible approach in justifying capital controls lies in the argument that conditions in the global economy are sometimes turbulent .	one possible approach in justifying capital controls lies in the argument that conditions in the global economy is sometimes turbulent .
past president and ceo , `` and the results of this impact study scientifically confirm that belief .	past president and ceo , `` and the results of this impact study scientifically confirms that belief .
he won an award for those `` whose contributions to school life are often not fully recognized through already existing channels '' what does this mean exactly , its too vague to be useful .	he won an award for those `` whose contributions to school life is often not fully recognized through already existing channels '' what does this mean exactly , its too vague to be useful .
other , older units of measure occasionally used for pressure are millimeters of mercury ( torr ) and millimetres of water ( 1 .	other , older units of measure occasionally used for pressure is millimeters of mercury ( torr ) and millimetres of water ( 1 .
resources and expertise are in the federal government that are designed to assist in cases where federal demand overwhelms civilian supply , one example being the industrial college of the armed forces ( icaf ) .	resources and expertise is in the federal government that are designed to assist in cases where federal demand overwhelms civilian supply , one example being the industrial college of the armed forces ( icaf ) .
an example would be where the contents of a web site are legal in one country and illegal in another .	an example would be where the contents of a web site is legal in one country and illegal in another .
the band is particularly notable for its support by roger daltrey of the who , as well as for its later inclusion of roy kenner , formerly of the james gang , as lead vocalist .	the band are particularly notable for its support by roger daltrey of the who , as well as for its later inclusion of roy kenner , formerly of the james gang , as lead vocalist .
the venue has an exhibition and event space .	the venue have an exhibition and event space .
in such a situation , the most logical course is to take more seriously the feedback from editors with no prior exposure to the topic , in this case dgg and brownhornet21 .	in such a situation , the most logical course are to take more seriously the feedback from editors with no prior exposure to the topic , in this case dgg and brownhornet21 .
i ca n't really see why this person is notable .	i ca n't really see why this person are notable .
the subject matter often deals with topics such as partying , personal insecurities , and overcoming grief .	the subject matter often deal with topics such as partying , personal insecurities , and overcoming grief .
the main towns along the route are roscommon , ballymoe , castlerea , ballyhaunis , claremorris , balla , and castlebar .	the main towns along the route is roscommon , ballymoe , castlerea , ballyhaunis , claremorris , balla , and castlebar .
this book is unusual because it is written in verse instead of prose .	this book are unusual because it is written in verse instead of prose .
some researchers have claimed that judgments inconsistent with the use of the recognition heuristic are due to compensatory processing but gigerenzer and goldstein state that there is little research on such compensatory models .	some researchers have claimed that judgments inconsistent with the use of the recognition heuristic is due to compensatory processing but gigerenzer and goldstein state that there is little research on such compensatory models .
the mahi river flows on the borders of peepalkhoot and ghatol and banswara panchayat samitis .	the mahi river flow on the borders of peepalkhoot and ghatol and banswara panchayat samitis .
examples of proofs by diagram chasing include those typically given for the five lemma , the snake lemma , the zig-zag lemma , and the nine lemma .	examples of proofs by diagram chasing includes those typically given for the five lemma , the snake lemma , the zig-zag lemma , and the nine lemma .
the interiors of this lounge bar draw inspiration from the aesthetics of the mysore palace .	the interiors of this lounge bar draws inspiration from the aesthetics of the mysore palace .
common skin tumors include lipomas , mast cell tumors , melanomas , squamous cell carcinomas , basal cell carcinomas , fibrosarcomas , and histiocytomas .	common skin tumors includes lipomas , mast cell tumors , melanomas , squamous cell carcinomas , basal cell carcinomas , fibrosarcomas , and histiocytomas .
the fact that i can find sources means i am voting for a keep .	the fact that i can find sources mean i am voting for a keep .
other programs with the same goal of stimulating industry and increasing efficiency include the cash for caulkers plan to promote replacing old refrigerators , air conditioners , etc .	other programs with the same goal of stimulating industry and increasing efficiency includes the cash for caulkers plan to promote replacing old refrigerators , air conditioners , etc .
the criteria offered by the poll tool are vague and too open to purely subjective answers to be of any real statistical value .	the criteria offered by the poll tool is vague and too open to purely subjective answers to be of any real statistical value .
the clear region is also the zone above low elevation angles with clear skies .	the clear region are also the zone above low elevation angles with clear skies .
in iran , a small selection of foods is prepared to break the fast at maghrib time ( just after the sunset ) and is summarily followed by a proper persian meal .	in iran , a small selection of foods are prepared to break the fast at maghrib time ( just after the sunset ) and is summarily followed by a proper persian meal .
also , as faithless mentioned , this rather pretty arrangement is hardly typical of modern street lights .	also , as faithless mentioned , this rather pretty arrangement are hardly typical of modern street lights .
all the elements of a story are there but they are used like a landscape , and the landscape is used like story .	all the elements of a story is there but they are used like a landscape , and the landscape is used like story .
a good record once more , 26 wins and 13 losses is how this year ended .	a good record once more , 26 wins and 13 losses are how this year ended .
but a clamoring crowd of fellow students pushes him away .	but a clamoring crowd of fellow students push him away .
a very tight player ( plays very few hands and only continues with strong hands ) .	a very tight player ( plays very few hands and only continue with strong hands ) .
the details of his background as a soldier are not particularly relevant .	the details of his background as a soldier is not particularly relevant .
the most significant exposure route for humans is inhalation which raises questions over whether dust from wool insulation could lead to a significant exposure to humans ; probably unlikely for anyone except professional installers .	the most significant exposure route for humans are inhalation which raises questions over whether dust from wool insulation could lead to a significant exposure to humans ; probably unlikely for anyone except professional installers .
those google books results , apart from this single sentence that tells us the publisher and scope of the journal , appear to consist of just a few dozen citations to articles published therein .	those google books results , apart from this single sentence that tells us the publisher and scope of the journal , appears to consist of just a few dozen citations to articles published therein .
the formation of tropical cyclones is the topic of extensive ongoing research and is still not fully understood .	the formation of tropical cyclones are the topic of extensive ongoing research and is still not fully understood .
users from west region can receive over-the-air signal , but users from east region require additional signal booster equipment .	users from west region can receive over-the-air signal , but users from east region requires additional signal booster equipment .
bees in a honeycomb are essentially operating as an industrial enterprise insofar as the production of cells is without end .	bees in a honeycomb are essentially operating as an industrial enterprise insofar as the production of cells are without end .
according to sloterdijk , the institutions of the welfare state lend themselves to a system that privileges the marginalized , but relies , unsustainably , on the class of citizens who are materially successful .	according to sloterdijk , the institutions of the welfare state lends themselves to a system that privileges the marginalized , but relies , unsustainably , on the class of citizens who are materially successful .
the following remark is a consequence of the fact that a formalism using an interleaving semantic is translated into a formalism working in parallel .	the following remark are a consequence of the fact that a formalism using an interleaving semantic is translated into a formalism working in parallel .
right now , religious people are the ones speaking out for traditional values .	right now , religious people is the ones speaking out for traditional values .
additionally , gisbert is a founding member of convergence , whose members include paul romaine on drums and jon gunther on saxophone .	additionally , gisbert is a founding member of convergence , whose members includes paul romaine on drums and jon gunther on saxophone .
a more modern manifestation of such ideas is the myth of a zionist occupation government .	a more modern manifestation of such ideas are the myth of a zionist occupation government .
in the second diagram , the liberties of the black chain in the lower right are c , d and h .	in the second diagram , the liberties of the black chain in the lower right is c , d and h .
the article name is `` canadian college italy '' i am a brand new member and would appreciate some assistance .	the article name are `` canadian college italy '' i am a brand new member and would appreciate some assistance .
walls are usually constructed such that the pieces of wood are `` proud '' of ( protrude from ) the mortar by a small amount ( an inch or less ) .	walls are usually constructed such that the pieces of wood is `` proud '' of ( protrude from ) the mortar by a small amount ( an inch or less ) .
according to zeveloff , the reasons for the population decline are not well understood .	according to zeveloff , the reasons for the population decline is not well understood .
maybe your browser is allergic to animated gifs and outdated java applets .	maybe your browser are allergic to animated gifs and outdated java applets .
women who continue to use their birth name after marriage are still occasionally known as `` lucy stoners '' in the united states .	women who continue to use their birth name after marriage is still occasionally known as `` lucy stoners '' in the united states .
a or pivot word is a rhetorical device used in the japanese poetic form waka .	a or pivot word are a rhetorical device used in the japanese poetic form waka .
after swapping the dynamo for one with only two connection holes , the rear light no longer functions but the front light does .	after swapping the dynamo for one with only two connection holes , the rear light no longer functions but the front light do .
møller 's findings and instead proposed that a lack of human influence in the exclusion zone locally reduced the swallows ' insect prey and that radiation levels across the vast majority of the exclusion zone are now too low to have an observable negative effect .	møller 's findings and instead proposed that a lack of human influence in the exclusion zone locally reduced the swallows ' insect prey and that radiation levels across the vast majority of the exclusion zone is now too low to have an observable negative effect .
c ( values are percent relative humidity ) .	c ( values is percent relative humidity ) .
the sounds produced by a digital piano are samples stored in rom .	the sounds produced by a digital piano is samples stored in rom .
animal moral tales with their dramatic and psychological simplicity lend themselves easily to illustration and proliferated in the 19th century .	animal moral tales with their dramatic and psychological simplicity lends themselves easily to illustration and proliferated in the 19th century .
these simple examples need to be interpreted with all the facts and circumstances in mind .	these simple examples needs to be interpreted with all the facts and circumstances in mind .
according to the cbo and others , `` the precise reasons for the [ recent ] rapid growth in income at the top are not well understood '' , but `` in all likelihood , '' an `` interaction of multiple factors '' was involved .	according to the cbo and others , `` the precise reasons for the [ recent ] rapid growth in income at the top is not well understood '' , but `` in all likelihood , '' an `` interaction of multiple factors '' was involved .
he thought that this is the way the nature works in the making of live creatures .	he thought that this is the way the nature work in the making of live creatures .
when you have , say , just a variable name or a very short expression in amongst ordinary text , the huge-type format looks even worse than the spidery format .	when you have , say , just a variable name or a very short expression in amongst ordinary text , the huge-type format look even worse than the spidery format .
keep sources show she is notable .	keep sources shows she is notable .
assuming the same relative strengths of each harmonic , as the fundamental frequency changes , the relative position of these harmonics remains constant .	assuming the same relative strengths of each harmonic , as the fundamental frequency changes , the relative position of these harmonics remain constant .
her work is also in the collections of the beecroft art gallery , the chelmsford museums , museum of reading and laporte plc .	her work are also in the collections of the beecroft art gallery , the chelmsford museums , museum of reading and laporte plc .
expectations and what people learn from failure .	expectations and what people learns from failure .
the spectacular coastal landscapes of the park make it popular for hikers and kayakers .	the spectacular coastal landscapes of the park makes it popular for hikers and kayakers .
the praises of guru sung in a devoted and emotional manner in this book make baba jiwan singh a poet of the rank of bhatt poets in guru granth sahib .	the praises of guru sung in a devoted and emotional manner in this book makes baba jiwan singh a poet of the rank of bhatt poets in guru granth sahib .
keep bad sources and original research are not reasons to delete an article so long as subject is notable .	keep bad sources and original research is not reasons to delete an article so long as subject is notable .
this could be meatpuppetry , but the fact that there are only 3 contributions among the two puppets makes it difficult to definitively link them with a high enough degree of confidence .	this could be meatpuppetry , but the fact that there are only 3 contributions among the two puppets make it difficult to definitively link them with a high enough degree of confidence .
pages that have real information have an article with subsections .	pages that have real information has an article with subsections .
a good example is the intro of there goes my gun .	a good example are the intro of there goes my gun .
classes include lasers , rs400s , rs300s , rs200s , gp14 , phantoms , graduates and merlin rockets .	classes includes lasers , rs400s , rs300s , rs200s , gp14 , phantoms , graduates and merlin rockets .
what 's worse , the miracle is not true immortality as people still age and grow old .	what 's worse , the miracle is not true immortality as people still age and grows old .
other current and past partners include chatham house , the brookings institution , c .	other current and past partners includes chatham house , the brookings institution , c .
so we write about anything from a neutral point of view ensuring that the topic gets a comprehensive coverage and valid criticism is also covered .	so we write about anything from a neutral point of view ensuring that the topic get a comprehensive coverage and valid criticism is also covered .
piglet 's adventures in the first book include hunting woozles , attempting to capture heffalumps , giving eeyore a birthday balloon ( popped ) , impersonating roo in an attempt to trick kanga , joining the expotition to the north pole , and being trapped by a flood .	piglet 's adventures in the first book includes hunting woozles , attempting to capture heffalumps , giving eeyore a birthday balloon ( popped ) , impersonating roo in an attempt to trick kanga , joining the expotition to the north pole , and being trapped by a flood .
the different aspects of this program include improving electronic health records , facilitating patient enrollment in clinical trials through a partnership with emerging med , and engaging with community physicians to help them participate in clinical research .	the different aspects of this program includes improving electronic health records , facilitating patient enrollment in clinical trials through a partnership with emerging med , and engaging with community physicians to help them participate in clinical research .
this article is not about the research of the authors you mention , even if there are common aspects .	this article are not about the research of the authors you mention , even if there are common aspects .
as mentioned before , the pump only allows the lifting of water over a small height .	as mentioned before , the pump only allow the lifting of water over a small height .
the sentence above is re-worded after an internet article referenced there .	the sentence above are re-worded after an internet article referenced there .
yes , 83 is more than 25 , and a graphical summary of all elections shows an upward trend .	yes , 83 is more than 25 , and a graphical summary of all elections show an upward trend .
consumable or disposable products associated with the preparation or presentation of serving food include but is not limited to plastic , foam , paper goods and cleaning supplies .	consumable or disposable products associated with the preparation or presentation of serving food includes but is not limited to plastic , foam , paper goods and cleaning supplies .
the surfaces of constant pressure are parallel to the ground far away from the vortex , but near and inside the vortex the surfaces of constant pressure are pulled downwards , closer to the ground .	the surfaces of constant pressure is parallel to the ground far away from the vortex , but near and inside the vortex the surfaces of constant pressure are pulled downwards , closer to the ground .
many companies that have experienced success with continuous auditing recommend that you start small .	many companies that have experienced success with continuous auditing recommend that you starts small .
edit counts are now finally available directly from the database .	edit counts is now finally available directly from the database .
the result is now occasionally known as mihăilescu 's theorem .	the result are now occasionally known as mihăilescu 's theorem .
visit filters which are used by web log analysis software include or exclude all the data in a visit session .	visit filters which are used by web log analysis software includes or exclude all the data in a visit session .
they held that external differences such as rank and wealth are of no importance in social relationships .	they held that external differences such as rank and wealth is of no importance in social relationships .
the feet , iris and orbital skin are red , the bill is black .	the feet , iris and orbital skin is red , the bill is black .
tracks from demos sent to the show are also often played .	tracks from demos sent to the show is also often played .
additionally , back issues of the print magazine are accessible from 2003 to the present as freely downloadable pdfs .	additionally , back issues of the print magazine is accessible from 2003 to the present as freely downloadable pdfs .
habitats in the refuge include forested areas , wetlands , oak and pine grassland , and meadows , with mixed deciduous and coniferous forests common to western oregon .	habitats in the refuge includes forested areas , wetlands , oak and pine grassland , and meadows , with mixed deciduous and coniferous forests common to western oregon .
northwest philadelphia is an area where exceptions to the regular pattern of the street grid are plentiful .	northwest philadelphia is an area where exceptions to the regular pattern of the street grid is plentiful .
the following list of ethnic groups and subgroups , and their respective distributions , is from the malipo county almanac ( 2000 ) .	the following list of ethnic groups and subgroups , and their respective distributions , are from the malipo county almanac ( 2000 ) .
travellers rules for starship design and combat are like games unto themselves with a complex balance of ship components fitting within certain hull volumes , technology levels , and modifiers based upon characters ' skills .	travellers rules for starship design and combat is like games unto themselves with a complex balance of ship components fitting within certain hull volumes , technology levels , and modifiers based upon characters ' skills .
other exceptions of a suffix expressing the case of a noun along with the article are the forms of genitive singular and dative plural .	other exceptions of a suffix expressing the case of a noun along with the article is the forms of genitive singular and dative plural .
boardman 's other screenplays in development include the birds for universal pictures , mandalay pictures , and platinum dunes , and poltergeist for mgm .	boardman 's other screenplays in development includes the birds for universal pictures , mandalay pictures , and platinum dunes , and poltergeist for mgm .
the stated primary purpose of maintaining the informal groups is to take care of the teaching in their respective disciplines .	the stated primary purpose of maintaining the informal groups are to take care of the teaching in their respective disciplines .
morris 's theory is inconsistent with the fact that male cats also bring home prey , despite males having no involvement with raising kittens .	morris 's theory is inconsistent with the fact that male cats also brings home prey , despite males having no involvement with raising kittens .
noting also that this remedy is independent of other remedy-proposals for this editor .	noting also that this remedy are independent of other remedy-proposals for this editor .
started in istanbul , protests spread in 10 days to over 82 cities of turkey .	started in istanbul , protests spreads in 10 days to over 82 cities of turkey .
education , medical facilities , clean drinking water and social justice are of major concern to the tribals , as they have scant access to these resources .	education , medical facilities , clean drinking water and social justice is of major concern to the tribals , as they have scant access to these resources .
for example , demanding more money to show up which if accepted by the venue , results in a breach of contract , leaving him legally sound to send imposters or even skip it altogether .	for example , demanding more money to show up which if accepted by the venue , results in a breach of contract , leaving him legally sounds to send imposters or even skip it altogether .
if any comparison is to be made it is with the pierce bush afd .	if any comparison are to be made it is with the pierce bush afd .
in this case it can be used for only very simple inputs and outputs , such as 1 's and 0 's , however if the number of types of values one can have on the inputs increases , the size of the truth table will increase .	in this case it can be used for only very simple inputs and outputs , such as 1 's and 0 's , however if the number of types of values one can have on the inputs increase , the size of the truth table will increase .
children who have a history of neglect or physical abuse are at risk of developing psychiatric problems , or a disorganized attachment style .	children who have a history of neglect or physical abuse is at risk of developing psychiatric problems , or a disorganized attachment style .
the males you find in this realm are of high caliber , physically and mentally .	the males you find in this realm is of high caliber , physically and mentally .
some tokens made of clay or leather are also on display .	some tokens made of clay or leather is also on display .
mega man encounters him in a mine in india .	mega man encounter him in a mine in india .
my references are ok , i suppose , but i want to be entirely sure .	my references is ok , i suppose , but i want to be entirely sure .
the first team to 100 points wins the game .	the first team to 100 points win the game .
bugs have antennae , communications systems have antennas , i .	bugs has antennae , communications systems have antennas , i .
almost the only representative of the writers of real comedies is lyly .	almost the only representative of the writers of real comedies are lyly .
other cities where the membership drive will begin are multan and gujranwala .	other cities where the membership drive will begin is multan and gujranwala .
difference in exposed structures of homologous proteins between individuals gives rise to antigen-antibody reactions when tissues are transplanted .	difference in exposed structures of homologous proteins between individuals give rise to antigen-antibody reactions when tissues are transplanted .
the main difference between the albums is the album art , and some tracks are rearranged .	the main difference between the albums are the album art , and some tracks are rearranged .
the witnesses are called to share their memories of the murder night and one after the other they do .	the witnesses are called to share their memories of the murder night and one after the other they does .
rotten tomatoes , where only two reviews out of the twelve polled are positive .	rotten tomatoes , where only two reviews out of the twelve polled is positive .
this man 's theorem on arithmetical progression states that there are infinitely many primes of the form a times n plus b , where a and b are relatively prime , and n is a positive integer greater than 0 .	this man 's theorem on arithmetical progression states that there are infinitely many primes of the form a times n plus b , where a and b is relatively prime , and n is a positive integer greater than 0 .
wikipedia , convince me that this article is also vandalism .	wikipedia , convince me that this article are also vandalism .
the reasons for an album 's success or lack of are opinions , and not facts .	the reasons for an album 's success or lack of is opinions , and not facts .
in this three-dimensional model , each intersection of the three dimensions represents as a unique intellectual ability , such as comprehension of semantic relations ; that is , understanding analogies .	in this three-dimensional model , each intersection of the three dimensions represent as a unique intellectual ability , such as comprehension of semantic relations ; that is , understanding analogies .
the original cabins were destroyed during hurricane andrew ; the replacement cabins have their own toilets and showers , and house 16 people each .	the original cabins were destroyed during hurricane andrew ; the replacement cabins has their own toilets and showers , and house 16 people each .
the album marks the band 's second release for sideonedummy records .	the album mark the band 's second release for sideonedummy records .
electroosmotic flow between the electrodes promotes the development of a low-ph environment in the soil .	electroosmotic flow between the electrodes promote the development of a low-ph environment in the soil .
nonlinear prediction using neural networks occasionally produces statistically significant prediction results .	nonlinear prediction using neural networks occasionally produce statistically significant prediction results .
comments and suggestions for improvements are welcomed and the developers respond to user queries .	comments and suggestions for improvements are welcomed and the developers responds to user queries .
particles leaving through one side of a cell are simply inserted at the other side ( periodic boundary conditions ) ; the same goes for the forces .	particles leaving through one side of a cell is simply inserted at the other side ( periodic boundary conditions ) ; the same goes for the forces .
portions of the airport branch are at grade in order to accommodate a future elevated taxiway for aircraft over the line .	portions of the airport branch is at grade in order to accommodate a future elevated taxiway for aircraft over the line .
the combined resources of its partner base allow green highways to ensure that sustainability becomes the driving force behind infrastructure development .	the combined resources of its partner base allows green highways to ensure that sustainability becomes the driving force behind infrastructure development .
a specific problem of women entrepreneurs seems to be their inability to achieve growth especially sales growth .	a specific problem of women entrepreneurs seem to be their inability to achieve growth especially sales growth .
the coordinates ( x , t ) describe an event , i .	the coordinates ( x , t ) describes an event , i .
the standing bands , a semi-circular collar , the curved edge standing up round the back of the head .	the standing bands , a semi-circular collar , the curved edge standing up rounds the back of the head .
of course , arguments regarding the content or validity of a theory are irrelevant to the criteria for inclusion in wikipedia ; verifiable notability is all that really matters .	of course , arguments regarding the content or validity of a theory is irrelevant to the criteria for inclusion in wikipedia ; verifiable notability is all that really matters .
also , proponents of the tripartite system fear the abolishing gymnasia and realschulen will lead to the growth of a private school sector .	also , proponents of the tripartite system fears the abolishing gymnasia and realschulen will lead to the growth of a private school sector .
all other forms of power generation also require back up , though to a lesser extent .	all other forms of power generation also requires back up , though to a lesser extent .
its relative , upgma ( unweighted pair group method with arithmetic mean ) produces rooted trees and requires a constant-rate assumption - that is , it assumes an ultrametric tree in which the distances from the root to every branch tip are equal .	its relative , upgma ( unweighted pair group method with arithmetic mean ) produces rooted trees and requires a constant-rate assumption - that is , it assumes an ultrametric tree in which the distances from the root to every branch tip is equal .
acts of terrorism are completely without conscience .	acts of terrorism is completely without conscience .
the jacquard loom is a mechanical loom that has holes punched in pasteboard , each row of which corresponds to one row of the design .	the jacquard loom is a mechanical loom that has holes punched in pasteboard , each row of which correspond to one row of the design .
the multiple independent reliable sources along with the notability conferred by chartered professional organization status show the topic is notable .	the multiple independent reliable sources along with the notability conferred by chartered professional organization status shows the topic is notable .
the entire mechanism is internal to the engine , so there should be no concerns regarding wear or replacements , as long as the engine oil is changed regularly .	the entire mechanism are internal to the engine , so there should be no concerns regarding wear or replacements , as long as the engine oil is changed regularly .
the image provides a great deal of information about how this experiment fifty years ago worked .	the image provide a great deal of information about how this experiment fifty years ago worked .
railroads and an airport provide additional links to several cities in china .	railroads and an airport provides additional links to several cities in china .
sullivan research analyst mary john commented on the recognition , `` the company 's pioneering success in developing energy-efficient , cost-effective and customizable building integrated photovoltaic ( bipv ) systems and crystalline pv cells , and modules for solar energy conversion into electricity are highly commendable .	sullivan research analyst mary john commented on the recognition , `` the company 's pioneering success in developing energy-efficient , cost-effective and customizable building integrated photovoltaic ( bipv ) systems and crystalline pv cells , and modules for solar energy conversion into electricity is highly commendable .
continuing northeast , the route heads into johnson county , runs through wrightsville , and heads into southern jefferson county , where it turns east in bartow , before meeting its northern terminus at us 1 and sr 4 in wadley .	continuing northeast , the route head into johnson county , runs through wrightsville , and heads into southern jefferson county , where it turns east in bartow , before meeting its northern terminus at us 1 and sr 4 in wadley .
some musical groups in the death metal genre are the world famous internal suffering , carnivore diprosopus , goretrade , mindly rotten , suppuration , and amputated genitals .	some musical groups in the death metal genre is the world famous internal suffering , carnivore diprosopus , goretrade , mindly rotten , suppuration , and amputated genitals .
old versions of the article , prior to a pruning effort , have some more examples .	old versions of the article , prior to a pruning effort , has some more examples .
his writings on environmental psychology include research in mental hospitals , libraries , classrooms , and living spaces .	his writings on environmental psychology includes research in mental hospitals , libraries , classrooms , and living spaces .
overall , solutions to the diffusion equation for photon transport are more computationally efficient , but less accurate than monte carlo simulations .	overall , solutions to the diffusion equation for photon transport is more computationally efficient , but less accurate than monte carlo simulations .
the aims of the project are to study the investments of organised crime in european union member states , analyse the infiltration of organised crime groups and assess the impact on legitimate markets .	the aims of the project is to study the investments of organised crime in european union member states , analyse the infiltration of organised crime groups and assess the impact on legitimate markets .
a prominent researcher of the species is kia jack omidvar .	a prominent researcher of the species are kia jack omidvar .
for example , people that manage their weight are not necessarily obese .	for example , people that manage their weight is not necessarily obese .
the notability guideline for films specifically excludes the internet movie database and similar sites from the definition of non-trivial coverage , because they indiscriminately list almost every film .	the notability guideline for films specifically exclude the internet movie database and similar sites from the definition of non-trivial coverage , because they indiscriminately list almost every film .
members of the public are welcome to visit the restored building for a glimpse of vauxhall 's elegant past .	members of the public is welcome to visit the restored building for a glimpse of vauxhall 's elegant past .
you did n't specify what prices in which country you mean .	you did n't specify what prices in which country you means .
converters of both the piston type and squeeze type are also available to allow namiki and pilot fountain pens to be filled from ink bottles .	converters of both the piston type and squeeze type is also available to allow namiki and pilot fountain pens to be filled from ink bottles .
the only problem i foresee is people who have custom declarations in their skin css ; they would see a cumulative decrease in their font size , unless we removed .	the only problem i foresee are people who have custom declarations in their skin css ; they would see a cumulative decrease in their font size , unless we removed .
bugs in one part of the kernel have strong side effects ; since every function in the kernel has all the privileges , a bug in one function can corrupt data structure of another , totally unrelated part of the kernel , or of any running program .	bugs in one part of the kernel has strong side effects ; since every function in the kernel has all the privileges , a bug in one function can corrupt data structure of another , totally unrelated part of the kernel , or of any running program .
beast also notes that the portal is temporal in nature connecting them to another period in history .	beast also notes that the portal are temporal in nature connecting them to another period in history .
the committee originally consists of 23 clubs including the women 's section of 18 eca members and 5 non-eca member women 's teams ranked top of their respective national associations .	the committee originally consist of 23 clubs including the women 's section of 18 eca members and 5 non-eca member women 's teams ranked top of their respective national associations .
some s are p particular affirmatives some humans are healthy .	some s are p particular affirmatives some humans is healthy .
the basket of goods and services chosen reflects changes in society 's buying habits .	the basket of goods and services chosen reflect changes in society 's buying habits .
the company also owns assets in ukraine .	the company also own assets in ukraine .
the sum of divisors for the integers 1 through 6 is 21 .	the sum of divisors for the integers 1 through 6 are 21 .
further poems written under the same pen name are yedigün and yeni mecmua 1940 .	further poems written under the same pen name is yedigün and yeni mecmua 1940 .
this section contains areas that are not sovereign states , but are not part of the sovereign states listed above .	this section contain areas that are not sovereign states , but are not part of the sovereign states listed above .
laws concerning the loss of female virginity have no male equivalent .	laws concerning the loss of female virginity has no male equivalent .
on average , the months hit hardest by the wet season are from september to october , with of rain falling between them .	on average , the months hit hardest by the wet season is from september to october , with of rain falling between them .
the three friends come forward to unite these love birds against all odds .	the three friends comes forward to unite these love birds against all odds .
about a half of the rings is in the shadow .	about a half of the rings are in the shadow .
the heads of school ( one male and one female prefect ) carry the rank of warrant officer ( first class ) .	the heads of school ( one male and one female prefect ) carries the rank of warrant officer ( first class ) .
the timber of a few species is well-known .	the timber of a few species are well-known .
their childhood friendship blossoms into love as they grow up .	their childhood friendship blossoms into love as they grows up .
as dweller says , the major parts of an overseas tour by a test team are the tests and odis against the host team ( and , sometimes , another visiting team ) - the series are largely bilateral , so it makes sense to speak about both teams .	as dweller says , the major parts of an overseas tour by a test team is the tests and odis against the host team ( and , sometimes , another visiting team ) - the series are largely bilateral , so it makes sense to speak about both teams .
all parts of the plant are edible ; flowers , leaves , stems , and bulb .	all parts of the plant is edible ; flowers , leaves , stems , and bulb .
the relation between historical evolutions and the socio-economic variables has similar characteristics at the macro level .	the relation between historical evolutions and the socio-economic variables have similar characteristics at the macro level .
the biggest problem with your links is that they are not reliable sources as defined in the policy i linked .	the biggest problem with your links are that they are not reliable sources as defined in the policy i linked .
many areas of the game are accessible in more than one time period , and actions taken in one time period change the outcome in others .	many areas of the game is accessible in more than one time period , and actions taken in one time period change the outcome in others .
these online editions are not mere copies of work done by others .	these online editions is not mere copies of work done by others .
the four main nations that export enough agriculture to be able to exert food power are the united states , canada , australia , and new zealand .	the four main nations that export enough agriculture to be able to exert food power is the united states , canada , australia , and new zealand .
the lower slopes on the eastern side of the wilderness and at the base of the white cliffs support pinyon-juniper with serviceberry , manzanita , and various grasses .	the lower slopes on the eastern side of the wilderness and at the base of the white cliffs supports pinyon-juniper with serviceberry , manzanita , and various grasses .
additional educational opportunities in the form of a certificate program are also available from aiim international , arma , and from the records management society in great britain and ireland .	additional educational opportunities in the form of a certificate program is also available from aiim international , arma , and from the records management society in great britain and ireland .
it was the district 's second department store and pioneered the one-price policy and `` the customer is always right '' concept in retailing on the washington , d .	it was the district 's second department store and pioneered the one-price policy and `` the customer are always right '' concept in retailing on the washington , d .
at most the section could be moved into the rd as a subsection , but otherwise the services provided by the state as a part of the highway are as much a part of the story of the highway as the rest of the pavement .	at most the section could be moved into the rd as a subsection , but otherwise the services provided by the state as a part of the highway is as much a part of the story of the highway as the rest of the pavement .
facilities in the departure lounge are minimal , with a newsstand near the check-in counter , and a small bar at airside .	facilities in the departure lounge is minimal , with a newsstand near the check-in counter , and a small bar at airside .
changes from the film , aside from the ship 's crew , include the duration of miniaturization ( 60 minutes in the film ) and the acronym ( here d is `` defense '' , there it is `` deterrent '' ) .	changes from the film , aside from the ship 's crew , includes the duration of miniaturization ( 60 minutes in the film ) and the acronym ( here d is `` defense '' , there it is `` deterrent '' ) .
such issues as the similar point of view mean little , as there are many indians with such opinions .	such issues as the similar point of view means little , as there are many indians with such opinions .
other investors in the partnership include stephens media , with roughly a one-quarter ownership stake , and gannett company , with about one-fifth .	other investors in the partnership includes stephens media , with roughly a one-quarter ownership stake , and gannett company , with about one-fifth .
a few months later , an invasion of mutant spiders leads to the burning of entire sectors .	a few months later , an invasion of mutant spiders lead to the burning of entire sectors .
the affinity of hard acids and hard bases for each other is mainly ionic in nature .	the affinity of hard acids and hard bases for each other are mainly ionic in nature .
the temptations which this way of doing things offers to synthetic anger , fraudulent penitence , all other forms of hypocrisy and the sheer evasion of duty are infinitely too strong for fallen man '' .	the temptations which this way of doing things offers to synthetic anger , fraudulent penitence , all other forms of hypocrisy and the sheer evasion of duty is infinitely too strong for fallen man '' .
the ones on the left and right are of normal size , but the central entrance , called the , is quite small and requires one to crouch in order to enter .	the ones on the left and right is of normal size , but the central entrance , called the , is quite small and requires one to crouch in order to enter .
the southern black widow , as well as the closely related western and northern species which were previously considered the same species , has a prominent red hourglass figure on the underside of its abdomen .	the southern black widow , as well as the closely related western and northern species which were previously considered the same species , have a prominent red hourglass figure on the underside of its abdomen .
generally , terms stipulating seizure of collateral in the event of default allow the lender to profitably collect the money owed to the company should the company default on its obligations to the lender .	generally , terms stipulating seizure of collateral in the event of default allows the lender to profitably collect the money owed to the company should the company default on its obligations to the lender .
the origins or relationship between the term and the cassava plant are unknown .	the origins or relationship between the term and the cassava plant is unknown .
marco polo 's systematic observations of nature , anthropology , and geography are another example of studying human variation across space .	marco polo 's systematic observations of nature , anthropology , and geography is another example of studying human variation across space .
these areas are a part of the city of stoke-on-trent .	these areas is a part of the city of stoke-on-trent .
players leaving the club at the end of the season include brett hodgson , ryan o'hara , ben te'o and stuart flanagan .	players leaving the club at the end of the season includes brett hodgson , ryan o'hara , ben te'o and stuart flanagan .
other solar dedicated instruments operated on the site include the solar radio burst locator ( srbl ) , the fasr subsystem testbed ( fst ) , and the korean srbl ( ksrbl ) .	other solar dedicated instruments operated on the site includes the solar radio burst locator ( srbl ) , the fasr subsystem testbed ( fst ) , and the korean srbl ( ksrbl ) .
i think the contrast of the various colors really makes this stand out .	i think the contrast of the various colors really make this stand out .
it has been held annually since 1977 and the races range in size from 4 , 000 entrants to more than 60 , 000 .	it has been held annually since 1977 and the races ranges in size from 4 , 000 entrants to more than 60 , 000 .
the enslaved humans , bred for loyalty and obedience , comprise the primary armed force of the confederation .	the enslaved humans , bred for loyalty and obedience , comprises the primary armed force of the confederation .
the reason people are drawing parallels is because the new landing portion of triage is meant to reduce the burden of new page patrol and keep new editors from having their hasty new articles deleted , just as actrial is .	the reason people are drawing parallels are because the new landing portion of triage is meant to reduce the burden of new page patrol and keep new editors from having their hasty new articles deleted , just as actrial is .
the use of loudspeakers , permitted by the courts on certain occasions , often exceeds the permissible decibel limit , causing a great deal of stress and anxiety to the neighbourhoods .	the use of loudspeakers , permitted by the courts on certain occasions , often exceed the permissible decibel limit , causing a great deal of stress and anxiety to the neighbourhoods .
it is not because a product is a commercial product that it can not have a wikipedia page .	it is not because a product are a commercial product that it can not have a wikipedia page .
estimates range from a low of 2 .	estimates ranges from a low of 2 .
festivals during this date include parade , programs and wreath-laying .	festivals during this date includes parade , programs and wreath-laying .
individuals who have been celebrated in this section of the journal include george dantzig , russell l .	individuals who have been celebrated in this section of the journal includes george dantzig , russell l .
the dust jacket features an illustration by 5-time hugo award winner ed emshwiller .	the dust jacket feature an illustration by 5-time hugo award winner ed emshwiller .
i see the alternative to protection would be blocking more aggressively and assuming good faith less when each batch of new accounts with 20 edits comes back and starts vandalising these pages .	i see the alternative to protection would be blocking more aggressively and assuming good faith less when each batch of new accounts with 20 edits come back and starts vandalising these pages .
but any doctor who fans of secondary school age or older are more likely to feel left out , because this clearly was n't meant for you .	but any doctor who fans of secondary school age or older is more likely to feel left out , because this clearly was n't meant for you .
another consequence is marginalisation of the succeeding generation where they are relied upon as the fittest and strongest to succeed in continuing the farm rather than pursue other ambitions and opportunities .	another consequence are marginalisation of the succeeding generation where they are relied upon as the fittest and strongest to succeed in continuing the farm rather than pursue other ambitions and opportunities .
sharp drops in crime at the age of maturity suggest that deterrence plays an important role in the decision to commit a crime .	sharp drops in crime at the age of maturity suggests that deterrence plays an important role in the decision to commit a crime .
the editing pattern of plants and animals is worth noting too .	the editing pattern of plants and animals are worth noting too .
items available from the supermarket freezer section include roasting chickens and a ready-to-cook chicken kiev .	items available from the supermarket freezer section includes roasting chickens and a ready-to-cook chicken kiev .
this technique is so popular that some modern virtual analog synthesisers have a special oscillator type called `` super saw '' or `` hyper saw '' that generates several detuned sawtooth waves simultaneously .	this technique are so popular that some modern virtual analog synthesisers have a special oscillator type called `` super saw '' or `` hyper saw '' that generates several detuned sawtooth waves simultaneously .
places that teach art are different than places that peddle knick-knacks , because they have lasting impact on the communities they teach .	places that teach art is different than places that peddle knick-knacks , because they have lasting impact on the communities they teach .
the bottom of one of the doors is totally obscured and , like much of the detail behind many of the fg figures , is basically irretrievable , at least without alternative frames to clone from .	the bottom of one of the doors are totally obscured and , like much of the detail behind many of the fg figures , is basically irretrievable , at least without alternative frames to clone from .
the basin supports large seagrass meadows and is used as a commercial fishery .	the basin support large seagrass meadows and is used as a commercial fishery .
the school 's mascot is the panther , and it primarily feeds students into hilliard darby high school .	the school 's mascot are the panther , and it primarily feeds students into hilliard darby high school .
many other items in list of terminology have main articles ( a , b00 , b01 , b10 , .	many other items in list of terminology has main articles ( a , b00 , b01 , b10 , .
but it is not enough for the members of a free society to believe that ideals such as truth , justice , and beauty , are objective , they also have to accept that they transcend our ability to wholly capture them .	but it is not enough for the members of a free society to believe that ideals such as truth , justice , and beauty , is objective , they also have to accept that they transcend our ability to wholly capture them .
chopra community development block has an area of 378 .	chopra community development block have an area of 378 .
meanwhile , by contrast , in other episodes set in outlying areas , it is clear that the locations in question are far less built up than they are today .	meanwhile , by contrast , in other episodes set in outlying areas , it is clear that the locations in question is far less built up than they are today .
the other films in that trilogy are , in order , totally fucked up ( 1993 ) and the doom generation ( 1995 ) , with nowhere being the third and last .	the other films in that trilogy is , in order , totally fucked up ( 1993 ) and the doom generation ( 1995 ) , with nowhere being the third and last .
the development of more effective supervisors has a direct correlation to an increase in the productivity and profits of a company .	the development of more effective supervisors have a direct correlation to an increase in the productivity and profits of a company .
if you would have done a little research of your own you might have figured out that there is hardly any information about the alleged massacre , so chances of shedding more light on anything are rather slim .	if you would have done a little research of your own you might have figured out that there is hardly any information about the alleged massacre , so chances of shedding more light on anything is rather slim .
the circumstances of his departure , and his subsequent fate , are uncertain .	the circumstances of his departure , and his subsequent fate , is uncertain .
people go to temples and snake pits and worship the snakes .	people goes to temples and snake pits and worship the snakes .
other countries with experience in this type of health insurance include china , taiwan , singapore and south africa .	other countries with experience in this type of health insurance includes china , taiwan , singapore and south africa .
after presenting the corpus , the study presents an analysis comparing editor activity metrics with the propensity of adopting one of the above social strategies .	after presenting the corpus , the study present an analysis comparing editor activity metrics with the propensity of adopting one of the above social strategies .
because the strict rules at the school include not being allowed to date , marie risks being suspended two days before graduation .	because the strict rules at the school includes not being allowed to date , marie risks being suspended two days before graduation .
the khoisan languages seem to be examples of that ( mabye the only ones , i have no idea ) .	the khoisan languages seems to be examples of that ( mabye the only ones , i have no idea ) .
a recent study has suggested that below-recommended levels of serum vitamin d are widespread ( especially in canada , where i was when it came out ) .	a recent study has suggested that below-recommended levels of serum vitamin d is widespread ( especially in canada , where i was when it came out ) .
the missile is operated by two man teams , with the gunner carrying the 9p151 launching post and one missile , his assistant carries an additional 3 missiles .	the missile is operated by two man teams , with the gunner carrying the 9p151 launching post and one missile , his assistant carry an additional 3 missiles .
researchers have no desire to spend time and money on a condition that threatens nobody .	researchers has no desire to spend time and money on a condition that threatens nobody .
other forms of color blindness are much more rare .	other forms of color blindness is much more rare .
secondly supposing we consider a splitting field in which the roots of h ( x ) exist .	secondly supposing we consider a splitting field in which the roots of h ( x ) exists .
the awards are not really part of the production of the episode , they are a sign of how the episode was received .	the awards are not really part of the production of the episode , they is a sign of how the episode was received .
one major concern about considering people as assets or resources is that they will be commoditized and abused .	one major concern about considering people as assets or resources are that they will be commoditized and abused .
tuck , in which the appearance of all credited characters is rare .	tuck , in which the appearance of all credited characters are rare .
the person with the covered eyes gives a number with his hand the same time the other does .	the person with the covered eyes give a number with his hand the same time the other does .
the predominant cells of the liver are the hepatocytes , and gk is found exclusively in these cells .	the predominant cells of the liver is the hepatocytes , and gk is found exclusively in these cells .
all 13 clubs in the division are eligible to compete in this championship , they must compete with their 'b ' ( junior ) team .	all 13 clubs in the division is eligible to compete in this championship , they must compete with their 'b ' ( junior ) team .
good examples of image capture and manipulation include panoramas , and high-dynamic-range imaging which is the use of differently exposed pictures of the same scene to extend dynamic range beyond even that of analog film-based media .	good examples of image capture and manipulation includes panoramas , and high-dynamic-range imaging which is the use of differently exposed pictures of the same scene to extend dynamic range beyond even that of analog film-based media .
most storage schemes proposed for interstellar craft require the production of frozen pellets of antihydrogen .	most storage schemes proposed for interstellar craft requires the production of frozen pellets of antihydrogen .
some people on the talk page have even said that the content is copied from it 's source .	some people on the talk page has even said that the content is copied from it 's source .
when the number of objects is equal to or greater than the base b , then a group of objects is created with b objects .	when the number of objects are equal to or greater than the base b , then a group of objects is created with b objects .
factors affecting the amount backlash required in a gear train include errors in profile , pitch , tooth thickness , helix angle and center distance , and runout .	factors affecting the amount backlash required in a gear train includes errors in profile , pitch , tooth thickness , helix angle and center distance , and runout .
during the evening peak , services depart from ucd belfield and operate via stillorgan road , donnybrook road , morehampton road , leeson street , st .	during the evening peak , services departs from ucd belfield and operate via stillorgan road , donnybrook road , morehampton road , leeson street , st .
similar to most other refractory metals , the hardest known compounds of tantalum are its stable nitrides and carbides .	similar to most other refractory metals , the hardest known compounds of tantalum is its stable nitrides and carbides .
the main settlements on the west coast are around sai khao , hat kai mook and hat ta nam , with the village of bang bao being situated on the south coast .	the main settlements on the west coast is around sai khao , hat kai mook and hat ta nam , with the village of bang bao being situated on the south coast .
simulations of the chaotic period of terrestrial planet formation suggest that impacts , such as those hypothesized to have formed the moon , were common .	simulations of the chaotic period of terrestrial planet formation suggests that impacts , such as those hypothesized to have formed the moon , were common .
other english titles for the song include `` congratulations '' and `` happiness to you .	other english titles for the song includes `` congratulations '' and `` happiness to you .
telephone instruments in this area provide the nca with secure and clear worldwide communications .	telephone instruments in this area provides the nca with secure and clear worldwide communications .
only the players who have contributed to the side pot have the chance to win it .	only the players who have contributed to the side pot has the chance to win it .
eruptions of basalt magma typically produce elongate lava flows , as well as build cinder cones ( piles of small frothy lava fragments or 'cinders ' ) around volcanic vents .	eruptions of basalt magma typically produces elongate lava flows , as well as build cinder cones ( piles of small frothy lava fragments or 'cinders ' ) around volcanic vents .
sometimes information in pages has to overlap , and i think that it is crucial for a medal count to explain the medals won at these games .	sometimes information in pages have to overlap , and i think that it is crucial for a medal count to explain the medals won at these games .
most forms of psychotherapy use only spoken conversation , though some also use other forms of communication such as the written word , artwork , drama , narrative story , or therapeutic touch .	most forms of psychotherapy use only spoken conversation , though some also uses other forms of communication such as the written word , artwork , drama , narrative story , or therapeutic touch .
these churches would be self-governing , maintain the outward symbols of the original liturgy and practice , and instead have clergy which were either obedient to the state or agents of the state .	these churches would be self-governing , maintain the outward symbols of the original liturgy and practice , and instead has clergy which were either obedient to the state or agents of the state .
our purpose for images is to illustrate what we have written .	our purpose for images are to illustrate what we have written .
the remaining students in the school district are children of the few full-time residents of desert center and children of the employees of the two nearby metropolitan water district pumping plants .	the remaining students in the school district is children of the few full-time residents of desert center and children of the employees of the two nearby metropolitan water district pumping plants .
the formal study of random graphs dates back to the work of paul erdős and alfréd rényi .	the formal study of random graphs date back to the work of paul erdős and alfréd rényi .
the points about authenticity in music , for example , seem to be possibly worth expansion but are not really related to the other parts of this article , and it would be wrong to try to link them .	the points about authenticity in music , for example , seems to be possibly worth expansion but are not really related to the other parts of this article , and it would be wrong to try to link them .
examples of state capitalism include corporatized government agencies ( agencies organized along corporate and business management practices ) and states that own controlling shares of publicly listed corporations , effectively acting as a large shareholder or a capitalist .	examples of state capitalism includes corporatized government agencies ( agencies organized along corporate and business management practices ) and states that own controlling shares of publicly listed corporations , effectively acting as a large shareholder or a capitalist .
the focal point of ladies ' circle is its regular meetings .	the focal point of ladies ' circle are its regular meetings .
when river comes in contact with sea , the dissolved salts present in sea water provide ions with charge opposite to the charge on mud particles .	when river comes in contact with sea , the dissolved salts present in sea water provides ions with charge opposite to the charge on mud particles .
adults feed on the nectar of leucanthemum species .	adults feeds on the nectar of leucanthemum species .
large areas in the middle of taiga are devoid of trees and covered by swamps .	large areas in the middle of taiga is devoid of trees and covered by swamps .
traditional models in hammered copper plate exist but are today used primarily for decoration .	traditional models in hammered copper plate exists but are today used primarily for decoration .
doctorates of philosophy wear a black robe with facings and sleeve linings in new red .	doctorates of philosophy wears a black robe with facings and sleeve linings in new red .
the broadcast is a recorded 30 minute interview with tourism operators in the particular town that they are visiting .	the broadcast are a recorded 30 minute interview with tourism operators in the particular town that they are visiting .
obligatory tribal marriages , polygamy , tribal vengeance and chastity murder are common .	obligatory tribal marriages , polygamy , tribal vengeance and chastity murder is common .
support for generic electrical connections such as contacts and relays is natively built-in , and a `` driver wizard '' and comprehensive script-based driver development kit are provided to home theater dealers to facilitate connection to other equipment .	support for generic electrical connections such as contacts and relays are natively built-in , and a `` driver wizard '' and comprehensive script-based driver development kit are provided to home theater dealers to facilitate connection to other equipment .
within the currently favoured cosmological lambda-cdm model , small objects ( consisting of dark matter and gas ) are the first to form .	within the currently favoured cosmological lambda-cdm model , small objects ( consisting of dark matter and gas ) is the first to form .
the school board serves the city of kamloops and the communities of chase , barriere , clearwater , logan lake , blue river , brennan creek , heffley creek , pinantan lake , savona , vavenby , and westwold .	the school board serve the city of kamloops and the communities of chase , barriere , clearwater , logan lake , blue river , brennan creek , heffley creek , pinantan lake , savona , vavenby , and westwold .
as well as providing services to staff and students at ucl , rnid , and the royal free hampstead nhs trust , the libraries are open to the public and provide reference and enquiry services to anyone conducting relevant research .	as well as providing services to staff and students at ucl , rnid , and the royal free hampstead nhs trust , the libraries is open to the public and provide reference and enquiry services to anyone conducting relevant research .
the fact that there are no citations is no bother to me -- citations are easily made .	the fact that there are no citations are no bother to me -- citations are easily made .
if the person was a walnut ridge high school student , the number in parentheses indicates the year of graduation ; if the person was a faculty or staff member , that person 's title and years of association are included .	if the person was a walnut ridge high school student , the number in parentheses indicate the year of graduation ; if the person was a faculty or staff member , that person 's title and years of association are included .
the character is most noted for the series intending to portray her as a child murderer trying to piece her life back together .	the character are most noted for the series intending to portray her as a child murderer trying to piece her life back together .
classified into episodes with various themes such as spy gadgets , car chases , amazing vehicles and the like , the episodes combine footage from the films and television series they analyze with footage of similar real-life objects and opinions from experts on the subjects covered .	classified into episodes with various themes such as spy gadgets , car chases , amazing vehicles and the like , the episodes combines footage from the films and television series they analyze with footage of similar real-life objects and opinions from experts on the subjects covered .
according to klas and schrefl ( 1995 ) , the `` overall goal of semantic data models is to capture more meaning of data by integrating relational concepts with more powerful abstraction concepts known from the [ [ artificial intelligence ] ] field .	according to klas and schrefl ( 1995 ) , the `` overall goal of semantic data models are to capture more meaning of data by integrating relational concepts with more powerful abstraction concepts known from the [ [ artificial intelligence ] ] field .
criteria numbers 3 and 8 ( with respect to minimal use and significance ) are questionable , and no doubt , long argued over .	criteria numbers 3 and 8 ( with respect to minimal use and significance ) is questionable , and no doubt , long argued over .
petperks is petsmart 's reward program ; members get a pre-determined discount on any item in the store that displays a petperks tag under the regular price tag .	petperks is petsmart 's reward program ; members gets a pre-determined discount on any item in the store that displays a petperks tag under the regular price tag .
newer streets in this development include chirlin drive , gerald drive , and cole drive .	newer streets in this development includes chirlin drive , gerald drive , and cole drive .
maybe i should start closing them , as non-consensus , for i do not know which side is right and i am not reluctant to say so .	maybe i should start closing them , as non-consensus , for i do not know which side are right and i am not reluctant to say so .
the first shows admirable good faith , the second i have asked user about on his talk page , and i assume nothing .	the first shows admirable good faith , the second i have asked user about on his talk page , and i assumes nothing .
the primary manifestations of music in the book are baba 's gramophone , dr .	the primary manifestations of music in the book is baba 's gramophone , dr .
in a similar manner , moving charges being separated from each other in a conductor by a changing electrical potential ( such as in an antenna ) produce an electric dipole type electrical field , but this also dies away very quickly with distance .	in a similar manner , moving charges being separated from each other in a conductor by a changing electrical potential ( such as in an antenna ) produces an electric dipole type electrical field , but this also dies away very quickly with distance .
claims of wiki-hounding or not , the use of multiple accounts to edit different topics sounds like sock behavior to me .	claims of wiki-hounding or not , the use of multiple accounts to edit different topics sound like sock behavior to me .
previous discussions on the article talk page are here and here .	previous discussions on the article talk page is here and here .
dubbed as australia 's largest urban music festival , the festival promises to deliver some of the most exciting and leading performers in the urban music world .	dubbed as australia 's largest urban music festival , the festival promise to deliver some of the most exciting and leading performers in the urban music world .
additional accommodations and lodging are nearby at sunriver and in the city of bend .	additional accommodations and lodging is nearby at sunriver and in the city of bend .
general changes in value after the relevant date are not material , so any increase or reduction in value since that date would not affect the rateable values .	general changes in value after the relevant date is not material , so any increase or reduction in value since that date would not affect the rateable values .
they are only mounted routes , and all hcr carriers use their own vehicle .	they are only mounted routes , and all hcr carriers uses their own vehicle .
still , i believe that this digusting thing is but a collateral of an attempt at piling every imaginable sin upon the soviets .	still , i believe that this digusting thing are but a collateral of an attempt at piling every imaginable sin upon the soviets .
other terms used include `` palace '' , `` castle '' , `` court '' , `` hall '' , `` mansion '' , `` park '' , `` house , `` place '' and `` tower '' .	other terms used includes `` palace '' , `` castle '' , `` court '' , `` hall '' , `` mansion '' , `` park '' , `` house , `` place '' and `` tower '' .
it is acceptable to list records the person no longer holds , as long is it is noted who took the record from them , and when the record was taken from them .	it is acceptable to list records the person no longer hold , as long is it is noted who took the record from them , and when the record was taken from them .
the famous players canadian corporation , limited [ 1929 ukpc 9 ] the appellants , the plaintiffs in the action , are the owners by assignment of the performing rights in canada , of a very large number of musical works , with copyright in which is still subsisting .	the famous players canadian corporation , limited [ 1929 ukpc 9 ] the appellants , the plaintiffs in the action , is the owners by assignment of the performing rights in canada , of a very large number of musical works , with copyright in which is still subsisting .
it is now protected by the tourism department the palace plays host to a lot of cultural meets and programs .	it is now protected by the tourism department the palace play host to a lot of cultural meets and programs .
many designers of military and aerospace equipment used this family over a long period and as they need exact replacements , this family is still produced by lansdale semiconductor .	many designers of military and aerospace equipment used this family over a long period and as they needs exact replacements , this family is still produced by lansdale semiconductor .
thus , all michigan residents have at least two levels of general police services ( state police and sheriff 's offices ) , while residents of a municipality that has its own police service have a third level of general police service .	thus , all michigan residents have at least two levels of general police services ( state police and sheriff 's offices ) , while residents of a municipality that has its own police service has a third level of general police service .
the problems gpf tackles in health , environment , education and poverty are ubiquitous and persistent .	the problems gpf tackles in health , environment , education and poverty is ubiquitous and persistent .
those forces that would be sent to suppress a revolutionary movement find themselves confronting people who have taken control over their own lives , rather than armed cadre attempting to impose a vision on the country , potentially obviating military conflict or at least reducing its severity .	those forces that would be sent to suppress a revolutionary movement finds themselves confronting people who have taken control over their own lives , rather than armed cadre attempting to impose a vision on the country , potentially obviating military conflict or at least reducing its severity .
some electric power systems use the free-wheeling drive propeller to generate charge through the drive motor when sailing , but this system , including the design of the propeller and any gearing , can not be optimised for both functions .	some electric power systems uses the free-wheeling drive propeller to generate charge through the drive motor when sailing , but this system , including the design of the propeller and any gearing , can not be optimised for both functions .
the walls of the town 's former factory of dye are now those of the ( esad ) as well as those of the faculty of arts .	the walls of the town 's former factory of dye is now those of the ( esad ) as well as those of the faculty of arts .
major sources of immigration include el salvador , vietnam , and ethiopia , with some concentration of salvadorans in the mount pleasant neighborhood .	major sources of immigration includes el salvador , vietnam , and ethiopia , with some concentration of salvadorans in the mount pleasant neighborhood .
branches from the internal carotid artery provide the blood supply to the pituitary .	branches from the internal carotid artery provides the blood supply to the pituitary .
syrian forces kill at least four people at the omari mosque in the southern syrian city of deraa following days of protest against the ba'ath party .	syrian forces kills at least four people at the omari mosque in the southern syrian city of deraa following days of protest against the ba'ath party .
his areas of teaching and research include international law , international relations , ethics , globalization and the notion of progress .	his areas of teaching and research includes international law , international relations , ethics , globalization and the notion of progress .
his head floats in a dark black void and his face and hair are ghostly pale , covered in a militaristic camouflage pattern of green , gray , and black .	his head floats in a dark black void and his face and hair is ghostly pale , covered in a militaristic camouflage pattern of green , gray , and black .
ultimately , these ideas are connected to church 's thesis that says the mathematical notion of computable partial functions is the correct formalization of an effectively calculable partial function , which can neither be proved or disproved .	ultimately , these ideas are connected to church 's thesis that says the mathematical notion of computable partial functions are the correct formalization of an effectively calculable partial function , which can neither be proved or disproved .
all performance areas including work , play and leisure are widely affected in these sets of patients .	all performance areas including work , play and leisure is widely affected in these sets of patients .
the number of cases for the hospitals ranges from a low of 1 to a high of 36 , 282 cases at florida hospital in orlando , fl ( medicare id 100007 ) .	the number of cases for the hospitals range from a low of 1 to a high of 36 , 282 cases at florida hospital in orlando , fl ( medicare id 100007 ) .
performers are sometimes billed as being of a certain race , if their facial features , body shape , or skin color fit a publicly accepted idea of what people of that race look like .	performers are sometimes billed as being of a certain race , if their facial features , body shape , or skin color fits a publicly accepted idea of what people of that race look like .
so for the rich and corporations , the advantages of globalization and the market system are obvious .	so for the rich and corporations , the advantages of globalization and the market system is obvious .
to say that the subject matter is fringe is just silly .	to say that the subject matter is fringe are just silly .
services such as physiotherapy , occupational therapy and radiography provide essential support in the diagnosis and treatment of in and outpatients at the hospital .	services such as physiotherapy , occupational therapy and radiography provides essential support in the diagnosis and treatment of in and outpatients at the hospital .
at the university of nottingham and the university of southampton , both in england , all medical students on the five year course obtain a bachelor of medical sciences ( bmedsci ) degree without an extra intercalated year .	at the university of nottingham and the university of southampton , both in england , all medical students on the five year course obtains a bachelor of medical sciences ( bmedsci ) degree without an extra intercalated year .
so far i found that several articles in the category glass are part of the wikiproject physics , but there are also a lot that do not fit within physics , such as glass art and history .	so far i found that several articles in the category glass is part of the wikiproject physics , but there are also a lot that do not fit within physics , such as glass art and history .
i believe that reviews of the show written at any time are permissible .	i believe that reviews of the show written at any time is permissible .
the birds of dawn taking flight out of the forest of falsehood now discover their reflections only in the spring of truth .	the birds of dawn taking flight out of the forest of falsehood now discovers their reflections only in the spring of truth .
other enemies included in the game are battle droids , clone troopers , and geonosians .	other enemies included in the game is battle droids , clone troopers , and geonosians .
the most common methods of measuring plant stress involve chlorophyll fluorometers and chlorophyll content meters , because they are fast , reliable for measuring specific types of plant stress , and relatively inexpensive .	the most common methods of measuring plant stress involves chlorophyll fluorometers and chlorophyll content meters , because they are fast , reliable for measuring specific types of plant stress , and relatively inexpensive .
other units of study in the ballet curriculum include grooming and preparation , character dancing , creation and performance , deportment , free movement , exploration of themes , musical appreciation and physical conditioning .	other units of study in the ballet curriculum includes grooming and preparation , character dancing , creation and performance , deportment , free movement , exploration of themes , musical appreciation and physical conditioning .
the fate of the remaining 6 vehicles is unknown , with various sources stating that they were left uncompleted in their west beirut workshops and were later destroyed in the violent clashes that ravaged the lebanese capital in the 1980s .	the fate of the remaining 6 vehicles are unknown , with various sources stating that they were left uncompleted in their west beirut workshops and were later destroyed in the violent clashes that ravaged the lebanese capital in the 1980s .
these results suggested that this promoter is activated by acute cocaine use and possibly means that the neurons it regulates fire rapidly during acute cocaine exposure , yet are not affected by long-term use .	these results suggested that this promoter is activated by acute cocaine use and possibly means that the neurons it regulates fire rapidly during acute cocaine exposure , yet is not affected by long-term use .
since this was finished in the summer of 2009 , no more work appears to have been done .	since this was finished in the summer of 2009 , no more work appear to have been done .
all i have to say is that the edit history of these articles is a disaster , largely because of copy-and-paste moves made largely by renejs .	all i have to say is that the edit history of these articles are a disaster , largely because of copy-and-paste moves made largely by renejs .
besides these , the department also manages traffic signals , materials testing , bridge inspection , construction contracts , road signs , and highway striping .	besides these , the department also manage traffic signals , materials testing , bridge inspection , construction contracts , road signs , and highway striping .
the key steps in problem solving are problem analysis and solution generation .	the key steps in problem solving is problem analysis and solution generation .
the feature is useful in code generation scenarios ( such as ui design ) , where a code generator can supply one part and the developer another part to be compiled together .	the feature are useful in code generation scenarios ( such as ui design ) , where a code generator can supply one part and the developer another part to be compiled together .
arkansas judgment ruled that state laws prohibiting the teaching of evolution violate the establishment clause of the first amendment of the u .	arkansas judgment ruled that state laws prohibiting the teaching of evolution violates the establishment clause of the first amendment of the u .
two points in an electric circuit that are connected by an ideal conductor without resistance and not within a changing magnetic field , have a voltage of zero .	two points in an electric circuit that are connected by an ideal conductor without resistance and not within a changing magnetic field , has a voltage of zero .
gng being that one is just a personal blog post while the other is a local news article ( if stories that appear on the local news are always notable for wikipedia , we would have articles on every single crime , accident , local events , etc .	gng being that one is just a personal blog post while the other is a local news article ( if stories that appear on the local news is always notable for wikipedia , we would have articles on every single crime , accident , local events , etc .
the objective is to have as broad a public participation as possible .	the objective are to have as broad a public participation as possible .
that island is probably part of the hammonasset-ledyard moraine .	that island are probably part of the hammonasset-ledyard moraine .
adults are on wing from april to may in israel .	adults is on wing from april to may in israel .
irregular observations of rainfall , cloud and temperature exist from 1767 .	irregular observations of rainfall , cloud and temperature exists from 1767 .
two latest examples of this disruption and attempt to engage in edit warring are at streckelsberg and birnen , bohnen und speck .	two latest examples of this disruption and attempt to engage in edit warring is at streckelsberg and birnen , bohnen und speck .
interviews with the band from before and around the album 's release indicate that a title track and a cover song were recorded but not included .	interviews with the band from before and around the album 's release indicates that a title track and a cover song were recorded but not included .
other examples of the use of love magic motif are donizetti 's the elixir of love ( l'elisir d'amore ) and manuel de falla 's ballet el amor brujo ( the magic of love ) .	other examples of the use of love magic motif is donizetti 's the elixir of love ( l'elisir d'amore ) and manuel de falla 's ballet el amor brujo ( the magic of love ) .
mifare classic chips , on which the original oyster card was based , are hard-wired logic smartcards , meaning that they have limited computing power design for a specific task .	mifare classic chips , on which the original oyster card was based , is hard-wired logic smartcards , meaning that they have limited computing power design for a specific task .
the basis of inclusion - i do newpage patrol as well - is whether the articles are verifiable ( these are ) and noteworthy ( places of habitation default are ) ; so no problem - they stay .	the basis of inclusion - i do newpage patrol as well - is whether the articles are verifiable ( these are ) and noteworthy ( places of habitation default is ) ; so no problem - they stay .
garnaut recommends the use of algal biosequestration ( see algae bioreactor ) to absorb the constant stream of carbon dioxide emissions from coal-fired electricity generation and metal smelting until renewable forms of energy , such as solar and wind power , become more established contributors to the grid .	garnaut recommends the use of algal biosequestration ( see algae bioreactor ) to absorb the constant stream of carbon dioxide emissions from coal-fired electricity generation and metal smelting until renewable forms of energy , such as solar and wind power , becomes more established contributors to the grid .
with such emphasis on public order , laws sentencing racism , sexism or antisemitism are also old and important .	with such emphasis on public order , laws sentencing racism , sexism or antisemitism is also old and important .
spectators at a football match stand up and wave different colour banners in a circle pattern .	spectators at a football match stands up and wave different colour banners in a circle pattern .
this community contains many new affordable two-family homes , apartment houses and is undergoing a transformation .	this community contain many new affordable two-family homes , apartment houses and is undergoing a transformation .
historians tend to see the policy in a more positive light , viewing it as a necessary expense to create a unified nation independent of the united states .	historians tends to see the policy in a more positive light , viewing it as a necessary expense to create a unified nation independent of the united states .
the circumstances of his imprisonment are initially unclear , but it is later verified that he was to be executed for engaging in piracy .	the circumstances of his imprisonment is initially unclear , but it is later verified that he was to be executed for engaging in piracy .
future phases of the project include a 500-room hotel with health spa , a event center , and expanded dining and retail facilities .	future phases of the project includes a 500-room hotel with health spa , a event center , and expanded dining and retail facilities .
but the exact dates of both the match and the transfer of property are unknown , though the latter took place before 1702 .	but the exact dates of both the match and the transfer of property is unknown , though the latter took place before 1702 .
other engines used in this period include humber hawk petrol engines ( l-head and ohc ) and perkins diesels .	other engines used in this period includes humber hawk petrol engines ( l-head and ohc ) and perkins diesels .
international routes are usually not supported by pso .	international routes is usually not supported by pso .
the problem with previous contributions to articles is obvious .	the problem with previous contributions to articles are obvious .
your standards of independence are absurd .	your standards of independence is absurd .
it claims that differences in class and the ownership of property are unnatural , and argues for property and women to be held in common .	it claims that differences in class and the ownership of property is unnatural , and argues for property and women to be held in common .
in any case , the policy supports them as valid ; and the significant criterion has always been about reliable sources , not my opinion .	in any case , the policy support them as valid ; and the significant criterion has always been about reliable sources , not my opinion .
the organizers of a health campaign frequently use education along with an opportunity to participate further , such as when a vaccination campaign seeks both to educate the public about a vaccine and provide the vaccine to people who want it .	the organizers of a health campaign frequently uses education along with an opportunity to participate further , such as when a vaccination campaign seeks both to educate the public about a vaccine and provide the vaccine to people who want it .
dancers and production staff include people with disabilities , for example in the company 's film the cost of living .	dancers and production staff includes people with disabilities , for example in the company 's film the cost of living .
full membership in pen generally requires the publication of one or more books of a literary character , or one or more play produced in a professional venue .	full membership in pen generally require the publication of one or more books of a literary character , or one or more play produced in a professional venue .
the water eventually ends up in emigrant lake , about southeast of ashland , where it either continues along bear creek , or is diverted for irrigation .	the water eventually end up in emigrant lake , about southeast of ashland , where it either continues along bear creek , or is diverted for irrigation .
in one incident during the culture-idiran war , they strive to avoid offending a civilization so advanced that it has disengaged from galactic politics , and note that this hyper-advanced society is not a threat to either the welfare or the values of the culture .	in one incident during the culture-idiran war , they strive to avoid offending a civilization so advanced that it has disengaged from galactic politics , and note that this hyper-advanced society are not a threat to either the welfare or the values of the culture .
once an iccp link is established , the contents of the bilateral tables in the server and client provide complete control over what is accessible to each party .	once an iccp link is established , the contents of the bilateral tables in the server and client provides complete control over what is accessible to each party .
the lead then turns with a step right - step left - step right - step left .	the lead then turn with a step right - step left - step right - step left .
blatantly obvious , severe hits ( not just in count , but content severity ) on the edit filter are a perfectly valid reason to block someone on occasion .	blatantly obvious , severe hits ( not just in count , but content severity ) on the edit filter is a perfectly valid reason to block someone on occasion .
this concept reflects the fact that images frequently contain collections of objects each of which can be the basis for a region .	this concept reflect the fact that images frequently contain collections of objects each of which can be the basis for a region .
although hamilton and gifford found a similar effect for positive behaviors as the infrequent events , a meta-analytic review of studies showed that illusory correlation effects are stronger when the infrequent , distinctive information is negative .	although hamilton and gifford found a similar effect for positive behaviors as the infrequent events , a meta-analytic review of studies showed that illusory correlation effects are stronger when the infrequent , distinctive information are negative .
the separate buttons for volume , play and track navigation allow use in a pocket or by the visually impaired .	the separate buttons for volume , play and track navigation allows use in a pocket or by the visually impaired .
the concepts of monetary calculation , financial speculation , and entrepreneurship form the basis for the von mises critique of socialism .	the concepts of monetary calculation , financial speculation , and entrepreneurship forms the basis for the von mises critique of socialism .
other villages that fall under the same pin code are anchanoor , domakonda , muthyampet , chillarpuri , and kathipalem .	other villages that fall under the same pin code is anchanoor , domakonda , muthyampet , chillarpuri , and kathipalem .
when all the brass players came up to me and said , 'this tune is perfect for us as a section , and you wrote it in the styles as it should have been written .	when all the brass players came up to me and said , 'this tune are perfect for us as a section , and you wrote it in the styles as it should have been written .
other factors which affect board stiffness include coatings and moisture content .	other factors which affect board stiffness includes coatings and moisture content .
a provincially managed picnic park ( 74 hectares ) surrounds the almost perfect circle of the lake known as dalem lake ( or sometimes referred to as round lake ) .	a provincially managed picnic park ( 74 hectares ) surround the almost perfect circle of the lake known as dalem lake ( or sometimes referred to as round lake ) .
the number of spines and soft rays in the fins is indicative of the species and in m .	the number of spines and soft rays in the fins are indicative of the species and in m .
young girls in a child marriage are more likely to experience domestic violence in their marriages as opposed to older women .	young girls in a child marriage is more likely to experience domestic violence in their marriages as opposed to older women .
hard cores , by the nature of their low-level representation , offer better predictability of chip performance in terms of timing performance and area .	hard cores , by the nature of their low-level representation , offers better predictability of chip performance in terms of timing performance and area .
the long dimension of the ridges is therefore 5 to 20 times their crosswise spacing .	the long dimension of the ridges are therefore 5 to 20 times their crosswise spacing .
two variants , the random walk model and the random direction model are variants of the random waypoint model .	two variants , the random walk model and the random direction model is variants of the random waypoint model .
the principal streams draining the southern part of the county include beaver swamp brook , blind brook , bronx river , hutchinson river , mamaroneck river , saw mill river , sheldrake river , stephenson brook and tibbetts brook .	the principal streams draining the southern part of the county includes beaver swamp brook , blind brook , bronx river , hutchinson river , mamaroneck river , saw mill river , sheldrake river , stephenson brook and tibbetts brook .
nowadays , many people use wikipedia rather than google .	nowadays , many people uses wikipedia rather than google .
this phrase , which is commonly used to criticize present-day customs and attitudes , helps illustrate poe 's opinion that many men and politicians ( during his lifetime ) act as if they have no manners .	this phrase , which is commonly used to criticize present-day customs and attitudes , help illustrate poe 's opinion that many men and politicians ( during his lifetime ) act as if they have no manners .
three other efforts to improve regulation of international pesticide trade are the united nations london guidelines for the exchange of information on chemicals in international trade and the united nations codex alimentarius commission .	three other efforts to improve regulation of international pesticide trade is the united nations london guidelines for the exchange of information on chemicals in international trade and the united nations codex alimentarius commission .
cities send in additional guarantees as needed .	cities sends in additional guarantees as needed .
also , the political affiliations of this meteorologist are not directly relevant to his career and to pull them off this website is a clear case of original synthesis .	also , the political affiliations of this meteorologist is not directly relevant to his career and to pull them off this website is a clear case of original synthesis .
ultimately , the variations in the level of investment generate the business cycles .	ultimately , the variations in the level of investment generates the business cycles .
the traveller pays the vat over goods in the shop , and can request for a refund when exporting the goods .	the traveller pay the vat over goods in the shop , and can request for a refund when exporting the goods .
the only reason it has survived all the previous deletions is due to the members of gnaa 'protecting ' their precious entry .	the only reason it has survived all the previous deletions are due to the members of gnaa 'protecting ' their precious entry .
also , most all characters whether player or enemy have the ability to move about their terrain .	also , most all characters whether player or enemy has the ability to move about their terrain .
the inflorescence bears flower heads with an array of short , hairy phyllaries behind a thick center of yellow to red-brown disc florets .	the inflorescence bear flower heads with an array of short , hairy phyllaries behind a thick center of yellow to red-brown disc florets .
stretches of the ditch enclosure are clearly visible at grane and alden valleys , and deer are still occasionally seen in the area .	stretches of the ditch enclosure is clearly visible at grane and alden valleys , and deer are still occasionally seen in the area .
this piece uses an increasing tempo to characterize the progression of sections .	this piece use an increasing tempo to characterize the progression of sections .
problems like email spam and junk mail are other consequences of this lack of skepticism in the community .	problems like email spam and junk mail is other consequences of this lack of skepticism in the community .
normal faults drop rock units that are higher below those that are lower .	normal faults drops rock units that are higher below those that are lower .
so , i would like some advice on when a list of minor characters is appropriate and what the content should be .	so , i would like some advice on when a list of minor characters are appropriate and what the content should be .
the plans are to build a much larger church with a capacity of 1000 people ( the old church could hold 300 ) .	the plans is to build a much larger church with a capacity of 1000 people ( the old church could hold 300 ) .
however , given that the template is a duplicate , i consider deletion to be preferable to userfying .	however , given that the template are a duplicate , i consider deletion to be preferable to userfying .
the parts of this article that are good text are worth conserving should be merged into the existing pope john paul ii .	the parts of this article that are good text is worth conserving should be merged into the existing pope john paul ii .
a typical reason not to lead aces against other contracts is that it may give away a trick when declarer holds the king ; here that is not possible .	a typical reason not to lead aces against other contracts are that it may give away a trick when declarer holds the king ; here that is not possible .
issues involved in mitigating damage during the lowering of the lake level include maintaining an adequate supply for irrigation , providing a steady stream for power , maintaining salmon flow augmentation , and other water rights .	issues involved in mitigating damage during the lowering of the lake level includes maintaining an adequate supply for irrigation , providing a steady stream for power , maintaining salmon flow augmentation , and other water rights .
kärnäkoski fortress todaytoday kärnäkoski fortress is a tourist attraction , although there are no guided tours or other tourist or travel services in the fortress , simply guidance signs .	kärnäkoski fortress todaytoday kärnäkoski fortress are a tourist attraction , although there are no guided tours or other tourist or travel services in the fortress , simply guidance signs .
a collection of short stories , one for each of fifty years is a 2001 collection of short stories , so named since it includes fifty short stories written by harry harrison over fifty years .	a collection of short stories , one for each of fifty years are a 2001 collection of short stories , so named since it includes fifty short stories written by harry harrison over fifty years .
all results of the summer school are available as open-source software released under the lgpl license .	all results of the summer school is available as open-source software released under the lgpl license .
lets see if we can have a rational discussion this time around .	lets sees if we can have a rational discussion this time around .
the second one shows you asking him about his rfa , three times , apparently out of the blue , not him raising the topic with you .	the second one show you asking him about his rfa , three times , apparently out of the blue , not him raising the topic with you .
she feels that the best way for one to express ones thoughts and opinions is through acting .	she feels that the best way for one to express ones thoughts and opinions are through acting .
the sergeant at arms also protects the members and can arrest and detain any person violating senate rules .	the sergeant at arms also protect the members and can arrest and detain any person violating senate rules .
in the movie batman ( 1966 ) , batman describes to robin how the tiny vessels in the retina are unique to the individual and utilizing the portable retina scan device in the batmobile they could confirm the identity of the penguin .	in the movie batman ( 1966 ) , batman describes to robin how the tiny vessels in the retina is unique to the individual and utilizing the portable retina scan device in the batmobile they could confirm the identity of the penguin .
comment the only terms officially coined by the bank thesis are bric and brimc .	comment the only terms officially coined by the bank thesis is bric and brimc .
definite delete all - price is right games do not need their own articles , as tempting as it might be to create .	definite delete all - price are right games do not need their own articles , as tempting as it might be to create .
the florence section goes way too much into the early portion of its storm history .	the florence section go way too much into the early portion of its storm history .
dunrobin 's origins lie in the middle ages , but most of the present building is the work of sir charles barry , the architect of the palace of westminster in london , who greatly extended the building in 1845 .	dunrobin 's origins lie in the middle ages , but most of the present building is the work of sir charles barry , the architect of the palace of westminster in london , who greatly extended the building in 1845 .
within the walls of this bastion are deposited the mortal remains of the late general sir robert boyd , k .	within the walls of this bastion are deposited the mortal remain of the late general sir robert boyd , k .
word definitions of adaptability as a specialised term differ little from dictionary definitions .	word definitions of adaptability as a specialised term differs little from dictionary definitions .
the average size of the units is .	the average size of the units are .
western names for this dance tradition often make reference to the royal court ; including cambodian court dance as it was performed and maintained by the attendants of the royal palaces .	western names for this dance tradition often makes reference to the royal court ; including cambodian court dance as it was performed and maintained by the attendants of the royal palaces .
weak oppose the colors are a bit muddy ( wrong angle of light ) .	weak oppose the colors is a bit muddy ( wrong angle of light ) .
it is a close relative of both the caracal and the serval , but current classification places it as the only member of the genus profelis .	it is a close relative of both the caracal and the serval , but current classification place it as the only member of the genus profelis .
the mean weight for males is , while females average .	the mean weight for males are , while females average .
multiple references in one place are only necessary if they are backing up something that is seriously controversial , something that really needs to be cited to multiple sources .	multiple references in one place is only necessary if they are backing up something that is seriously controversial , something that really needs to be cited to multiple sources .
so , you have at least two people interested in the property , the current owner and the incoming employee ( there are likely many more people interested in the property ) .	so , you have at least two people interested in the property , the current owner and the incoming employee ( there is likely many more people interested in the property ) .
if the article wants to be american , put the american poster in the box .	if the article want to be american , put the american poster in the box .
editors espousing a religious or national background relevant to the topic area are welcome to participate , but must strive to edit from a neutral point of view and behave collaboratively and in good faith toward editors with whom they may disagree .	editors espousing a religious or national background relevant to the topic area is welcome to participate , but must strive to edit from a neutral point of view and behave collaboratively and in good faith toward editors with whom they may disagree .
whatever the merits of an amateur baseball team are , the better main article for this title should have a reference to the niagara power project of the new york power authority .	whatever the merits of an amateur baseball team is , the better main article for this title should have a reference to the niagara power project of the new york power authority .
but under the terms of an agreement with bert 's business partner , johnny arrow , all assets from their uranium mining operation go to arrow , and the assets represent nearly all of bert 's five million dollar estate .	but under the terms of an agreement with bert 's business partner , johnny arrow , all assets from their uranium mining operation goes to arrow , and the assets represent nearly all of bert 's five million dollar estate .
note that information on this species applies to great britain and some details may not be consistent with the species in other parts of its range .	note that information on this species apply to great britain and some details may not be consistent with the species in other parts of its range .
to me the primary issue with the technical terms is due to the sentences on spin and the quantum state .	to me the primary issue with the technical terms are due to the sentences on spin and the quantum state .
the sentence `` the dominant plants in the park are grasses , more than 100 species , many native to the region '' reads oddly to me .	the sentence `` the dominant plants in the park is grasses , more than 100 species , many native to the region '' reads oddly to me .
young birds , both male and female , show the coloring similar to the adult female until the fall , when they molt and grow adult feathers .	young birds , both male and female , shows the coloring similar to the adult female until the fall , when they molt and grow adult feathers .
other types of medicine ball include balls made of gel-filled polyvinyl chloride shells , balls made of solid polyurethane , and neoprene bags filled with sand or steel shot .	other types of medicine ball includes balls made of gel-filled polyvinyl chloride shells , balls made of solid polyurethane , and neoprene bags filled with sand or steel shot .
the a1 motorway runs just north of the village .	the a1 motorway run just north of the village .
claims to his publishing history since 2007 are not grounds for keeping an academic stub sans citations and references .	claims to his publishing history since 2007 is not grounds for keeping an academic stub sans citations and references .
a paragraph at bottom will be devoted to the discussion of this comingling , but the present article centers on the survey of the sword of light as they actually occur in stories passed down in the olden days .	a paragraph at bottom will be devoted to the discussion of this comingling , but the present article centers on the survey of the sword of light as they actually occurs in stories passed down in the olden days .
a fully metamorphosed long-toed salamander has four digits on the front limbs and five digits on the rear limbs .	a fully metamorphosed long-toed salamander have four digits on the front limbs and five digits on the rear limbs .
of the conventual buildings to the north of the church , the chapter house among others remains , although partly reconstructed .	of the conventual buildings to the north of the church , the chapter house among others remain , although partly reconstructed .
the little edit links on the side allow you to edit everything under the header that is to the left of the edit link .	the little edit links on the side allows you to edit everything under the header that is to the left of the edit link .
remnants of this massive mountain range include the appalachian mountains of north america and the little atlas of morocco , africa .	remnants of this massive mountain range includes the appalachian mountains of north america and the little atlas of morocco , africa .
roads in this category are national highways built to expressway standards as designated by the minister of land , infrastructure and transport .	roads in this category is national highways built to expressway standards as designated by the minister of land , infrastructure and transport .
the two main modes of play in the game are adventure and exhibition .	the two main modes of play in the game is adventure and exhibition .
casual players are unlikely to ever equip legendary weapons due to the time required to obtain the materials needed to construct a legendary weapon .	casual players is unlikely to ever equip legendary weapons due to the time required to obtain the materials needed to construct a legendary weapon .
communication with other editors is not an option but a requirement to work on wikipedia ; without it , consensus building , mentoring , article development and all the other collaborative activities we rely on simply ca n't happen .	communication with other editors are not an option but a requirement to work on wikipedia ; without it , consensus building , mentoring , article development and all the other collaborative activities we rely on simply ca n't happen .
the large cylindrical pillars at the front of the church are of 12th century origin .	the large cylindrical pillars at the front of the church is of 12th century origin .
because the verdi baritone is sometimes seen as subset of the dramatic baritone , some singers perform roles from both sets of repertoire .	because the verdi baritone is sometimes seen as subset of the dramatic baritone , some singers performs roles from both sets of repertoire .
however , although recentist interests , the availability of sources and clear-cut guidelines have a largely positive effect on recent years , the effect of these biases is not as benign for earlier years .	however , although recentist interests , the availability of sources and clear-cut guidelines have a largely positive effect on recent years , the effect of these biases are not as benign for earlier years .
the main objective of means planning is to determine how the gaps are to be closed or reduced , which will provide the instructions needed to close or reduce those gaps .	the main objective of means planning are to determine how the gaps are to be closed or reduced , which will provide the instructions needed to close or reduce those gaps .
the bde is composed of a 40-student team that is elected each year in april and for which the competition among students creates the well-known student office campaign .	the bde is composed of a 40-student team that is elected each year in april and for which the competition among students create the well-known student office campaign .
because the word feist refers to a general type of dog just as hound and terrier refer to a group of breeds , rat terriers are often called feist .	because the word feist refers to a general type of dog just as hound and terrier refers to a group of breeds , rat terriers are often called feist .
most people who just recently gained notability are notable for just one event .	most people who just recently gained notability is notable for just one event .
the list of the authors is representative of the international studies on nizami at the present moment .	the list of the authors are representative of the international studies on nizami at the present moment .
its distribution is patchy , with populations often being isolated from each other .	its distribution are patchy , with populations often being isolated from each other .
other terms that have been used for this language family in scientific literature are werizoid ( from the former administrative name of the area inhabited by dullay speakers ) and qawko ( from the word `` man '' in dullay languages ) .	other terms that have been used for this language family in scientific literature is werizoid ( from the former administrative name of the area inhabited by dullay speakers ) and qawko ( from the word `` man '' in dullay languages ) .
the editors in chief are purushottama bilimoria , patrick hutchings , and jay garfield .	the editors in chief is purushottama bilimoria , patrick hutchings , and jay garfield .
the conference currently possesses 15 automatic bids to ncaa championships .	the conference currently possess 15 automatic bids to ncaa championships .
during the delay , all characters stand in their places and do nothing .	during the delay , all characters stands in their places and do nothing .
in fact , many contemporary flags , especially at icon size , are not recognizable to most readers .	in fact , many contemporary flags , especially at icon size , is not recognizable to most readers .
archaeologists today exercise much greater caution in ascribing ethnic significance to the features and artefacts of a material 'culture ' .	archaeologists today exercises much greater caution in ascribing ethnic significance to the features and artefacts of a material 'culture ' .
older versions of the challenge include events where one competes to be the first person to eat some number of crackers and then audibly whistle a tune .	older versions of the challenge includes events where one competes to be the first person to eat some number of crackers and then audibly whistle a tune .
your comment that `` the appropriate place for parishioners to find out about events happening in their dioceses is on the respective diocesan websites .	your comment that `` the appropriate place for parishioners to find out about events happening in their dioceses are on the respective diocesan websites .
the most recent challenges to the state insurance regulatory system are arguably the most significant , as well , showing further erosion of state primacy .	the most recent challenges to the state insurance regulatory system is arguably the most significant , as well , showing further erosion of state primacy .
its population ( 2005 ) is 684 , of which 8 people live within the border of the neighbouring municipality of modum .	its population ( 2005 ) is 684 , of which 8 people lives within the border of the neighbouring municipality of modum .
disagreements on the implementation of this treaty , serve as a pretext for the french invasion of 1895 , which first met little resistance .	disagreements on the implementation of this treaty , serves as a pretext for the french invasion of 1895 , which first met little resistance .
variations on the fast food restaurant concept include fast casual restaurants and catering trucks .	variations on the fast food restaurant concept includes fast casual restaurants and catering trucks .
the application of these concepts and techniques to various physics problems requires skill and experience .	the application of these concepts and techniques to various physics problems require skill and experience .
in the initial usa today coaches ' poll , which is part of the bowl championship series formula for determining which two teams play for the national championship , texas was ranked number two .	in the initial usa today coaches ' poll , which is part of the bowl championship series formula for determining which two teams plays for the national championship , texas was ranked number two .
from a broad point of view , serial defaults and a history of high inflation are just indicators of a larger set of institutional weaknesses characterizing debt crises in emerging economies , such as fragile fiscal structures , unreliable policies and vulnerable financial systems .	from a broad point of view , serial defaults and a history of high inflation is just indicators of a larger set of institutional weaknesses characterizing debt crises in emerging economies , such as fragile fiscal structures , unreliable policies and vulnerable financial systems .
the total list of plants , insects , birds , and mammals runs into thousands .	the total list of plants , insects , birds , and mammals run into thousands .
the pools of water within the cave are at a ph of 7 .	the pools of water within the cave is at a ph of 7 .
the town is located at 32º32'06 '' n by 116º03'00 '' w ; the town is at 1232m altitude with the highest peak at 1333m .	the town is located at 32º32'06 '' n by 116º03'00 '' w ; the town are at 1232m altitude with the highest peak at 1333m .
however , despite radioactive contamination few residents have returned to live there , and as of 28 march 2006 the population is 19 .	however , despite radioactive contamination few residents have returned to live there , and as of 28 march 2006 the population are 19 .
children who experience parental divorce are less likely to marry heterosexually than those growing up in intact families .	children who experience parental divorce is less likely to marry heterosexually than those growing up in intact families .
gmt 's name comes from the first name initials of founders gene billingsley , mike crane , and terry shrum .	gmt 's name come from the first name initials of founders gene billingsley , mike crane , and terry shrum .
this album won the 2002 rock recording of the year at the wammies , the washington area music association 's annual awards show .	this album won the 2002 rock recording of the year at the wammies , the washington area music association 's annual awards shows .
since the planet was detected indirectly through observations of its star , properties such as its radius , composition , and temperature are unknown .	since the planet was detected indirectly through observations of its star , properties such as its radius , composition , and temperature is unknown .
agriculture products such as corn , soybean meal and broken rice are use in the production of livestock feed under fully computerized formulation and production processes to ensure consistent quality as required .	agriculture products such as corn , soybean meal and broken rice is use in the production of livestock feed under fully computerized formulation and production processes to ensure consistent quality as required .
it is also possible to have an equity case where the standards of proof are those used in criminal trials - beyond a reasonable doubt .	it is also possible to have an equity case where the standards of proof is those used in criminal trials - beyond a reasonable doubt .
married women provide especially important links between their husbands ' brothers ' families .	married women provides especially important links between their husbands ' brothers ' families .
his awards are not sufficiently notable .	his awards is not sufficiently notable .
also , the comments about perhaps taking a little bit longer evaluating an article before voting are comments i agree with .	also , the comments about perhaps taking a little bit longer evaluating an article before voting is comments i agree with .
it brings out his `` evil side '' ; where he does n't care about anyone but himself and to think that humans are pathetic and should be cleansed .	it brings out his `` evil side '' ; where he does n't care about anyone but himself and to think that humans is pathetic and should be cleansed .
besides alcohol the only sources of food energy are carbohydrates , fats and proteins , which make up ninety percent of the dry weight of food .	besides alcohol the only sources of food energy is carbohydrates , fats and proteins , which make up ninety percent of the dry weight of food .
it entered the uk albums chart on october 17 , 2009 , and reached number 10 during its six weeks there .	it entered the uk albums charts on october 17 , 2009 , and reached number 10 during its six weeks there .
his other books in sociology and power structure research include finding meaning in dreams ( 1996 ) and the scientific study of dreams ( 2003 ) .	his other books in sociology and power structure research includes finding meaning in dreams ( 1996 ) and the scientific study of dreams ( 2003 ) .
if the agreement between the two rankings is perfect ( i .	if the agreement between the two rankings are perfect ( i .
the species of fish usually sold as feeder fish are invariably some of the easiest fish for fishkeepers to rear and breed , such as goldfish and guppies .	the species of fish usually sold as feeder fish is invariably some of the easiest fish for fishkeepers to rear and breed , such as goldfish and guppies .
and claims that an established editor is a reincarnation of a banned account are very serious indeed .	and claims that an established editor is a reincarnation of a banned account is very serious indeed .
students within the school district begin primary school in stony point elementary school , thiells elementary school , or west haverstraw elementary school , all of which serve grades k-3 .	students within the school district begins primary school in stony point elementary school , thiells elementary school , or west haverstraw elementary school , all of which serve grades k-3 .
other major cities in the area code are glens falls and plattsburgh .	other major cities in the area code is glens falls and plattsburgh .
wikiversity is still in its formative phase , which means that productive roles such as educator , researcher and maintenance receive more emphasis and this is where newcomers would mostly focus their activity .	wikiversity is still in its formative phase , which means that productive roles such as educator , researcher and maintenance receives more emphasis and this is where newcomers would mostly focus their activity .
the most basic items of equipment for a game of rugby union are the ball itself , a rugby shirt ( also known as a `` jersey '' ) , rugby shorts , socks and boots .	the most basic items of equipment for a game of rugby union is the ball itself , a rugby shirt ( also known as a `` jersey '' ) , rugby shorts , socks and boots .
the innumerable dots on the map , though they are accurate depictions of islands , are also distracting .	the innumerable dots on the map , though they is accurate depictions of islands , are also distracting .
his most frequent enemies are spider-man , power man , iron fist , thunderbolt , and boomerang .	his most frequent enemies is spider-man , power man , iron fist , thunderbolt , and boomerang .
the faculty currently consists of three departments including chemistry , geology and physics .	the faculty currently consist of three departments including chemistry , geology and physics .
high smog levels in the capital city mean that office blocks require no window tinting , a result of heavy amounts of air pollution .	high smog levels in the capital city means that office blocks require no window tinting , a result of heavy amounts of air pollution .
some children need a combination of procedures .	some children needs a combination of procedures .
the south los angeles region umma serves is federally classified as a `` medically underserved area '' ( mua ) meaning that the ratio of physicians to residents falls below federal standards .	the south los angeles region umma serves is federally classified as a `` medically underserved area '' ( mua ) meaning that the ratio of physicians to residents fall below federal standards .
some people find images of muhammad disturbing , others will faint at the sight of a naked breast , or the virgin killer album cover .	some people finds images of muhammad disturbing , others will faint at the sight of a naked breast , or the virgin killer album cover .
the collection contains over 90 boxes of materials , covering many of the issues montanez davis advocated .	the collection contain over 90 boxes of materials , covering many of the issues montanez davis advocated .
the critical angles in bicycle geometry are the head angle ( the angle of the head tube ) , and the seat tube angle ( the angle of the seat tube ) .	the critical angles in bicycle geometry is the head angle ( the angle of the head tube ) , and the seat tube angle ( the angle of the seat tube ) .
other major sports like cycling are less represented in contrast , because of lack of infrastructure and equipment but competitors still compete in the tour de tunisia .	other major sports like cycling is less represented in contrast , because of lack of infrastructure and equipment but competitors still compete in the tour de tunisia .
his scotland career of 13 years , 1 month and 3 days places him no 11 in the all time list .	his scotland career of 13 years , 1 month and 3 days place him no 11 in the all time list .
the main urban settlements in the valley are kirkwood , enon , bersheba and addo .	the main urban settlements in the valley is kirkwood , enon , bersheba and addo .
the great causes of death in middle and later life are diseases of heart , blood vessels and kidneys , diseases of the nervous system , and cancer .	the great causes of death in middle and later life is diseases of heart , blood vessels and kidneys , diseases of the nervous system , and cancer .
a lot of other articles uses blog post from newspapers .	a lot of other articles use blog post from newspapers .
however , defendants over the age of 60 are subject to house arrest in honduras while awaiting trial ; many of these accused offenders , including american citizens , flee or bribe their way out of the country and avoid prosecution .	however , defendants over the age of 60 is subject to house arrest in honduras while awaiting trial ; many of these accused offenders , including american citizens , flee or bribe their way out of the country and avoid prosecution .
because only the names of the athletes were published , the assignment of athletes to events is tentatively due to this year 's performances .	because only the names of the athletes were published , the assignment of athletes to events are tentatively due to this year 's performances .
all norms on a finite dimensional vector space are equivalent .	all norms on a finite dimensional vector space is equivalent .
robot accounts which ultimately cause more disruption than benefit to the project as a whole are harmful to wikipedia , and should not be permitted to edit .	robot accounts which ultimately cause more disruption than benefit to the project as a whole is harmful to wikipedia , and should not be permitted to edit .
the player has the option of killing her or sparing her life .	the player have the option of killing her or sparing her life .
trees with a single main stem are in locations remote from these factors .	trees with a single main stem is in locations remote from these factors .
i 'm not sure about what wikipedia 's policy on such issues is , so feel free to correct me , but 150000 sales in less than two weeks is fairly big .	i 'm not sure about what wikipedia 's policy on such issues are , so feel free to correct me , but 150000 sales in less than two weeks is fairly big .
the british government won the island , and the influences of government as well as the official language are distinctly theirs .	the british government won the island , and the influences of government as well as the official language is distinctly theirs .
silver marks in the title history indicate periods of unknown lineage .	silver marks in the title history indicates periods of unknown lineage .
marist brothers are active in a number of african countries , including malawi , zambia , zimbabwe and kenya .	marist brothers is active in a number of african countries , including malawi , zambia , zimbabwe and kenya .
the unparished area of the town represents its bulk , but several areas that might be considered part of the town are separate parishes , namely chineham , rooksdown , and lychpit .	the unparished area of the town represents its bulk , but several areas that might be considered part of the town is separate parishes , namely chineham , rooksdown , and lychpit .
delete community gardens , if not larger than say a city block , are essentially less notable than elementary schools , which dont get entries unless notable for some other reason .	delete community gardens , if not larger than say a city block , is essentially less notable than elementary schools , which dont get entries unless notable for some other reason .
prescription sets rules for language , while description simply records the way a language is spoken and written .	prescription sets rules for language , while description simply record the way a language is spoken and written .
the rate of women studying in universities and colleges is also higher ; in 2011-2012 , 56 .	the rate of women studying in universities and colleges are also higher ; in 2011-2012 , 56 .
then the trains descend into a tunnel below viana and álvarez avenues , and four stations in this sector are underground .	then the trains descend into a tunnel below viana and álvarez avenues , and four stations in this sector is underground .
cotton , soybeans and catfish are the leading crops .	cotton , soybeans and catfish is the leading crops .
the store allows the player to buy and sell goods , with prices varying by town .	the store allow the player to buy and sell goods , with prices varying by town .
the consumer preference for a cheaper goods affects the consumption basket at costs , for the increased expenditure on the cheaper goods takes time for the increased weight and measuring inflation .	the consumer preference for a cheaper goods affect the consumption basket at costs , for the increased expenditure on the cheaper goods takes time for the increased weight and measuring inflation .
eventually , discussion must cease , and particularly in the case of the blp the attempts to restart a dead issue are very disruptive .	eventually , discussion must cease , and particularly in the case of the blp the attempts to restart a dead issue is very disruptive .
the plaques on the wall are install and maintained by members of `` e clampus vitus .	the plaques on the wall is install and maintained by members of `` e clampus vitus .
his attitude to politics is somewhat akin to what i imagine would have been the attitude of bertie wooster .	his attitude to politics are somewhat akin to what i imagine would have been the attitude of bertie wooster .
their intent is to capture and use cable to reveal how many mutant births would occur in the future .	their intent are to capture and use cable to reveal how many mutant births would occur in the future .
in fact , the other two countries in this region that have a continuously slow rate of emigration are belize and panama .	in fact , the other two countries in this region that have a continuously slow rate of emigration is belize and panama .
her hair color seems to have been subject to change , but was blonde for at least one famous magazine cover .	her hair color seem to have been subject to change , but was blonde for at least one famous magazine cover .
the mistake most likely stems from the fact that in modern times , the name galston is almost exclusively used to refer to the town , whilst loudoun is still used to define an area .	the mistake most likely stem from the fact that in modern times , the name galston is almost exclusively used to refer to the town , whilst loudoun is still used to define an area .
another version suggests that chagatai mongols first came from central asia and were followed by other mongols , turko-mongols , ilkhanates ( driven out of persia ) , and timurids , all of whom settled in hazarajat and mixed with the local persian population , forming a distinct group .	another version suggest that chagatai mongols first came from central asia and were followed by other mongols , turko-mongols , ilkhanates ( driven out of persia ) , and timurids , all of whom settled in hazarajat and mixed with the local persian population , forming a distinct group .
many objects that arise in number theory are naturally galois representations .	many objects that arise in number theory is naturally galois representations .
the extra limbs show how much power the god is capable of because of their ability to perform many tasks at once .	the extra limbs shows how much power the god is capable of because of their ability to perform many tasks at once .
the flavor associated with the color red has more variability ; the flavors of cherry , strawberry , and raspberry are most often thought of .	the flavor associated with the color red has more variability ; the flavors of cherry , strawberry , and raspberry is most often thought of .
any active academy member , who has national credits for at least two years and within the last five years , is eligible to be a judge .	any active academy member , who has national credits for at least two years and within the last five years , are eligible to be a judge .
at present , the debate is focussed on whether the article 's sources are reliable .	at present , the debate is focussed on whether the article 's sources is reliable .
rather , the intent was to show how the trucks are used for work purposes , and the main audience for these trucks is for work .	rather , the intent was to show how the trucks are used for work purposes , and the main audience for these trucks are for work .
just beside this temple there is a well of much religious importance .	just beside this temple there are a well of much religious importance .
if further information about these communities is available it is included briefly as well .	if further information about these communities are available it is included briefly as well .
famous people who attended the school are david moorcroft , neil back and danny grewcock .	famous people who attended the school is david moorcroft , neil back and danny grewcock .
the precise distance between atoms ' centers is unknown to me .	the precise distance between atoms ' centers are unknown to me .
small lakes dot the entire northern half of poland , and the glacial formations that characterize the lake region extend as much as 200 kilometers inland in western poland .	small lakes dot the entire northern half of poland , and the glacial formations that characterize the lake region extends as much as 200 kilometers inland in western poland .
algorithmic problems such as type checking and type inference are more difficult for equirecursive types as well .	algorithmic problems such as type checking and type inference is more difficult for equirecursive types as well .
studies of shamanism indicate that individual totemism may have predated group totemism , as a group 's protective spirits were sometimes derived from the totems of specific individuals .	studies of shamanism indicates that individual totemism may have predated group totemism , as a group 's protective spirits were sometimes derived from the totems of specific individuals .
assuming that the four centers of each color in each set are indistinguishable , the number of permutations of each set is reduced to 24 !	assuming that the four centers of each color in each set is indistinguishable , the number of permutations of each set is reduced to 24 !
today , five stone cabins , a powder house and a blacksmith shop remain .	today , five stone cabins , a powder house and a blacksmith shop remains .
short stubby paragraphs throughout lead to poor prose flow , and even without reading thoroughly indicate there are more significant prose issues lurking .	short stubby paragraphs throughout lead to poor prose flow , and even without reading thoroughly indicates there are more significant prose issues lurking .
basic style for magazines and books ( and certainly encyclopedias ) is that numbers under one hundred are spelled out , as are round numbers beyond that .	basic style for magazines and books ( and certainly encyclopedias ) are that numbers under one hundred are spelled out , as are round numbers beyond that .
their latest honours , nearly a quarter century old , are a fourth division national title and a coupe d'alsace win in the early 80s .	their latest honours , nearly a quarter century old , is a fourth division national title and a coupe d'alsace win in the early 80s .
many varieties of tea , including green tea , are available packaged and sold in stores .	many varieties of tea , including green tea , is available packaged and sold in stores .
the captive elephants in the sanctuary are no longer used for timber extraction work .	the captive elephants in the sanctuary is no longer used for timber extraction work .
the changes in brightness and color indicate a surface with an uneven composition .	the changes in brightness and color indicates a surface with an uneven composition .
the parts of the preamble , except for the check as noted later , are not changed by any station relaying or delivering the message .	the parts of the preamble , except for the check as noted later , is not changed by any station relaying or delivering the message .
other musicians who have suffered from a kidney stone include nick drake , billy joel and adam young .	other musicians who have suffered from a kidney stone includes nick drake , billy joel and adam young .
the school holds many clubs and groups , including buddy reading scheme , science club , drama club , netball club , football club , rugby club , hockey club along with gymnsatics and dance clubs , reading group , etc .	the school hold many clubs and groups , including buddy reading scheme , science club , drama club , netball club , football club , rugby club , hockey club along with gymnsatics and dance clubs , reading group , etc .
the title refers to the buddhist concept that all things in the material world are empty of meaning and independence .	the title refers to the buddhist concept that all things in the material world is empty of meaning and independence .
an advantage of these methods is that in the favorable cases it can find the exact value of the joint spectral radius and provide a certificate that this is the exact value .	an advantage of these methods are that in the favorable cases it can find the exact value of the joint spectral radius and provide a certificate that this is the exact value .
home uniforms consist of green shirts and white shorts .	home uniforms consists of green shirts and white shorts .
any action conducted to remove the names outside of those two decisions is a violation of hard consensus-endorsed policy and will be reverted .	any action conducted to remove the names outside of those two decisions are a violation of hard consensus-endorsed policy and will be reverted .
seyi fayanju seventh name the european co-principality whose heads of state are the president of france and the bishop of urgell .	seyi fayanju seventh name the european co-principality whose heads of state is the president of france and the bishop of urgell .
the whole seeds of horse gram are generally utilized as cattle feed .	the whole seeds of horse gram is generally utilized as cattle feed .
in practice this means that subsets of greater type than the ambient type occur on submanifolds with positive codimension .	in practice this means that subsets of greater type than the ambient type occurs on submanifolds with positive codimension .
the only people who should be using machine translation to assist with writing content are those who already know the limitations of machine translation , and have enough familiarity with the languages involved to evaluate its results .	the only people who should be using machine translation to assist with writing content is those who already know the limitations of machine translation , and have enough familiarity with the languages involved to evaluate its results .
only a few parts of its left fore limb and hind limb are missing , and those can be reconstructed from their counterparts on the right side .	only a few parts of its left fore limb and hind limb is missing , and those can be reconstructed from their counterparts on the right side .
an argument for protective laws still sometimes arises , as with debates over the u .	an argument for protective laws still sometimes arise , as with debates over the u .
in general , the russian laws concerning inheritance are simple and straightforward .	in general , the russian laws concerning inheritance is simple and straightforward .
note that many traditional functionary roles , such as press attaché or cultural attaché , are not formal titles in diplomatic practice , although they may be used as a matter of custom .	note that many traditional functionary roles , such as press attaché or cultural attaché , is not formal titles in diplomatic practice , although they may be used as a matter of custom .
the windows on each side of the body of the church are round-headed .	the windows on each side of the body of the church is round-headed .
the sam houston quidditch team is the reigning quidditch world cup vi division 2 champions .	the sam houston quidditch team are the reigning quidditch world cup vi division 2 champions .
over 64 , 000 records contain links to full-text documents .	over 64 , 000 records contains links to full-text documents .
both the articles in question and the style of discussion seem also to me to push away the normal reader or editor .	both the articles in question and the style of discussion seems also to me to push away the normal reader or editor .
other works which gained fame include herminia , eloísa , recuerdos a virginia , blanco y negro , tuya , viva maytorena , tus ojos and proyectos .	other works which gained fame includes herminia , eloísa , recuerdos a virginia , blanco y negro , tuya , viva maytorena , tus ojos and proyectos .
symbols on the right hand side of the name of bacterial strain indicate the class of the species that holds the srna-xcc1 homolog , and the place where the homolog located .	symbols on the right hand side of the name of bacterial strain indicates the class of the species that holds the srna-xcc1 homolog , and the place where the homolog located .
if the car response is be 1f a8 13 , then transform that in binary .	if the car response are be 1f a8 13 , then transform that in binary .
in the view of melissa farley and other anti-prostitution feminists , all forms of sex work , including stripping and performing in pornography , are simply different types of prostitution .	in the view of melissa farley and other anti-prostitution feminists , all forms of sex work , including stripping and performing in pornography , is simply different types of prostitution .
a list of 69 of his contributions to scientific magazines appears in w .	a list of 69 of his contributions to scientific magazines appear in w .
livestock production is the second largest agriculture industry in the community .	livestock production are the second largest agriculture industry in the community .
it was popular before the widespread use of plastics since it permits the use of metal sleepers ( ties ) or track bases , and does not require an insulated section in each wheel set .	it was popular before the widespread use of plastics since it permit the use of metal sleepers ( ties ) or track bases , and does not require an insulated section in each wheel set .
countries without a stock exchange include tanzania and democratic republic of the congo .	countries without a stock exchange includes tanzania and democratic republic of the congo .
upland harvests of maize , millet and barley are invariably insufficient and so rolpa has chronic food deficits .	upland harvests of maize , millet and barley is invariably insufficient and so rolpa has chronic food deficits .
btw , i noited the `` duke of normandy '' excursion on the article talk page -- the custom for many hundreds of years is that the toast is to the most closely related title to the place where the toast is made .	btw , i noited the `` duke of normandy '' excursion on the article talk page -- the custom for many hundreds of years are that the toast is to the most closely related title to the place where the toast is made .
palin responded on her facebook page to the criticism , saying that `` acts of monstrous criminality stand on their own .	palin responded on her facebook page to the criticism , saying that `` acts of monstrous criminality stands on their own .
currently , the world genebanks hold about 40 , 000 bean varieties , although only a fraction are mass-produced for regular consumption .	currently , the world genebanks hold about 40 , 000 bean varieties , although only a fraction is mass-produced for regular consumption .
in addition , the first 23 amino acids of the 1st variable domain framework region have a number of variations known as subgroups .	in addition , the first 23 amino acids of the 1st variable domain framework region has a number of variations known as subgroups .
home to millions of species , including humans , earth is the only place in the universe where life is known to exist .	home to millions of species , including humans , earth are the only place in the universe where life is known to exist .
the first player who can score ten kills wins the grand prize .	the first player who can score ten kills win the grand prize .
armed and unarmed versions of the army variant of the helicopter are in service with the brazilian army .	armed and unarmed versions of the army variant of the helicopter is in service with the brazilian army .
the stained glass in the aisles is partly victorian , and partly from the 1940s .	the stained glass in the aisles are partly victorian , and partly from the 1940s .
the contents of a high pressure lamp are inert gas ( such as argon ) and mercury .	the contents of a high pressure lamp is inert gas ( such as argon ) and mercury .
the amount of loopholes people can find in the guidelines here is amazing .	the amount of loopholes people can find in the guidelines here are amazing .
various problems in fluid mechanics can be approximated to hele-shaw flows and thus the research of these flows is of importance .	various problems in fluid mechanics can be approximated to hele-shaw flows and thus the research of these flows are of importance .
sexual activity , even between married characters , is only ever gently implied and never directly addressed , and the subject is frequently avoided altogether .	sexual activity , even between married characters , are only ever gently implied and never directly addressed , and the subject is frequently avoided altogether .
the columns supporting the roof and gallery are irregularly placed , with a view to artistic effect ; and the general form of the piers , arches and pillars is most graceful .	the columns supporting the roof and gallery are irregularly placed , with a view to artistic effect ; and the general form of the piers , arches and pillars are most graceful .
sociologist bradley wright reviewed results from the 2008 pew us religious landscape survey and noted that religious groups normally have significant levels of education compared to those who are non-religious .	sociologist bradley wright reviewed results from the 2008 pew us religious landscape survey and noted that religious groups normally has significant levels of education compared to those who are non-religious .
except for tippecanoe county , all counties in the state straddling or lying north of 400 30 ' north latitude are in the diocese .	except for tippecanoe county , all counties in the state straddling or lying north of 400 30 ' north latitude is in the diocese .
the low-mid level framesets have the inverted triangle columbus foil decal , while the better models have the rectangle columbus foil decal .	the low-mid level framesets have the inverted triangle columbus foil decal , while the better models has the rectangle columbus foil decal .
today , the bridge currently serves as the westbound span over the narrows .	today , the bridge currently serve as the westbound span over the narrows .
this duplex house is now the parsonage and community house .	this duplex house are now the parsonage and community house .
dholakia 's areas of research include energy sector , fishery sector in india , economic planning , public enterprise management and privatization programme .	dholakia 's areas of research includes energy sector , fishery sector in india , economic planning , public enterprise management and privatization programme .
the classic format of these cafes is basic with a subtle colonial touch ; high ceilings with black , bent wooden chairs ( now cane in some cafes ) , wooden tables with marble tops and glass jars that allow a peek into the goodies they hold .	the classic format of these cafes are basic with a subtle colonial touch ; high ceilings with black , bent wooden chairs ( now cane in some cafes ) , wooden tables with marble tops and glass jars that allow a peek into the goodies they hold .
regarding the song 's meaning , vocalist dave williams explained , `` every religion has a list .	regarding the song 's meaning , vocalist dave williams explained , `` every religion have a list .
meanwhile , south park geologist randy discovers that the mountain on which the boys are hunting is a volcano that is about to erupt .	meanwhile , south park geologist randy discovers that the mountain on which the boys are hunting are a volcano that is about to erupt .
user sentiments about the website 's function and structure include feelings about the breadth and depth of the discussions on reddit and how the site makes it easy to discover new and interesting items .	user sentiments about the website 's function and structure includes feelings about the breadth and depth of the discussions on reddit and how the site makes it easy to discover new and interesting items .
i want to know if the functions of this transportation system are clear to users who do n't use it .	i want to know if the functions of this transportation system is clear to users who do n't use it .
a feature that distinguishes humans from most animals is that we are not born with an extensive repertoire of behavioral programs that would enable us to survive on our own ( `` physiological prematurity '' ) .	a feature that distinguishes humans from most animals are that we are not born with an extensive repertoire of behavioral programs that would enable us to survive on our own ( `` physiological prematurity '' ) .
in computer generated worlds we only render what you can see and when a tree falls in a forest and there is no one around to hear it there is no sound , because that would be a waste of resources .	in computer generated worlds we only render what you can see and when a tree fall in a forest and there is no one around to hear it there is no sound , because that would be a waste of resources .
anyone can make a mistake , and the best way to prevent or solve problems is for all parties to assume good faith .	anyone can make a mistake , and the best way to prevent or solve problems are for all parties to assume good faith .
geneforge 2 is a role-playing game where the player 's choice of answers during conversations with non-player characters affects how the player is regarded amongst the game 's four factions .	geneforge 2 is a role-playing game where the player 's choice of answers during conversations with non-player characters affect how the player is regarded amongst the game 's four factions .
other things that the corporation design and manufacture include industrial radio control and display units including oled and vfd .	other things that the corporation design and manufacture includes industrial radio control and display units including oled and vfd .
leaves during period of fruit production have short ends , shrunken at their base , have intense green color and are supported by medium-length leaf stalks .	leaves during period of fruit production has short ends , shrunken at their base , have intense green color and are supported by medium-length leaf stalks .
murray emphasizes that the play is about how in the end love will kill and how the characters in the play were acting the opposite parts of their true selves ; their acting roles did not reflect their true character .	murray emphasizes that the play are about how in the end love will kill and how the characters in the play were acting the opposite parts of their true selves ; their acting roles did not reflect their true character .
the depot is home to elements of the defence fuels group , including the defence school of petroleum , and also to the dorset fire and rescue service training centre .	the depot are home to elements of the defence fuels group , including the defence school of petroleum , and also to the dorset fire and rescue service training centre .
the total length of the tunnels is nearly 2 , 000 m long with 6 entrances to the tops of hills and 7 entrances to the south china sea .	the total length of the tunnels are nearly 2 , 000 m long with 6 entrances to the tops of hills and 7 entrances to the south china sea .
its 25 , 000 records are part of the library of congress .	its 25 , 000 records is part of the library of congress .
since it turns all of the network in a server , distributing content for which you might not have a license could cause legal concerns , depending on the jurisdiction and local legislation the node falls under .	since it turns all of the network in a server , distributing content for which you might not have a license could cause legal concerns , depending on the jurisdiction and local legislation the node fall under .
despite the frequent battles , no blood is shown , no firearms are used and many villains are monsters , aliens , and robots .	despite the frequent battles , no blood is shown , no firearms are used and many villains is monsters , aliens , and robots .
to date , the königs wusterhausen air disaster with its 156 fatalities marks the worst aviation accident in either east or west germany ( and at that time even the second-deadliest air crash in the world , only surpassed by all nippon airways flight 58 ) .	to date , the königs wusterhausen air disaster with its 156 fatalities mark the worst aviation accident in either east or west germany ( and at that time even the second-deadliest air crash in the world , only surpassed by all nippon airways flight 58 ) .
dargart is a very uncommon name , and it is presumed that the few references to someone of that name in the record all refer to the same person .	dargart is a very uncommon name , and it is presumed that the few references to someone of that name in the record all refers to the same person .
highlights of the annual programme include the pan-asia film festival in march , the festival of asian literature in may and the asian business leaders summit in october .	highlights of the annual programme includes the pan-asia film festival in march , the festival of asian literature in may and the asian business leaders summit in october .
factors like ambient air temperature and rainfall affect the rate of growth of speleothems , as higher temperatures increase carbon dioxide production rates within soil .	factors like ambient air temperature and rainfall affects the rate of growth of speleothems , as higher temperatures increase carbon dioxide production rates within soil .
the proportion of females in the undergraduate studies is 70 percent .	the proportion of females in the undergraduate studies are 70 percent .
critics of the juvenile justice system believe that the system is unfairly stacked against minority youth .	critics of the juvenile justice system believes that the system is unfairly stacked against minority youth .
some significant sites in state and local history once located in the community are no longer within its boundaries .	some significant sites in state and local history once located in the community is no longer within its boundaries .
located on a natural hillock , the earthworks of the castle still remain , with an outer moat enclosing a circular bailey with a central motte .	located on a natural hillock , the earthworks of the castle still remains , with an outer moat enclosing a circular bailey with a central motte .
the former use than draws is still to be recognised .	the former use than draws are still to be recognised .
evaine 's party arrives at the monastery the following day , where her wounds are treated and she is reunited with her brother .	evaine 's party arrive at the monastery the following day , where her wounds are treated and she is reunited with her brother .
the sources for the current version of the article are all people with bipolar disorder ( jamison , the members of nami , the participants at bipolarworld .	the sources for the current version of the article is all people with bipolar disorder ( jamison , the members of nami , the participants at bipolarworld .
the inflorescence is a head of several flowers blooming in a cup of green and purple veined , translucent bracts .	the inflorescence are a head of several flowers blooming in a cup of green and purple veined , translucent bracts .
the hørsholm midtpunkt shopping mall with its 65 stores opened in the early 1970s and is the second largest shopping mall in northern zealand and among the ten largest shopping malls in the copenhagen capital region .	the hørsholm midtpunkt shopping mall with its 65 stores opened in the early 1970s and are the second largest shopping mall in northern zealand and among the ten largest shopping malls in the copenhagen capital region .
stories of hospitality are in no way exaggerated in placer .	stories of hospitality is in no way exaggerated in placer .
his role in both games is fairly minor .	his role in both games are fairly minor .
a majority of catholic theologians agree that these teachings on the immorality of murder , directly willed abortion , and euthanasia are infallible .	a majority of catholic theologians agree that these teachings on the immorality of murder , directly willed abortion , and euthanasia is infallible .
although the shapes of these tools are different from a single-point tool , many elements of tool geometry are similar .	although the shapes of these tools are different from a single-point tool , many elements of tool geometry is similar .
his poem of just over 600 lines is a thanksgiving , although illness , loss of property , and dangers from invasion occupy more space in it than do days of happiness .	his poem of just over 600 lines is a thanksgiving , although illness , loss of property , and dangers from invasion occupy more space in it than does days of happiness .
the goals of the current version of the tool are to 1 ) provide a mechanism by which readers can help assess the quality of an article and 2 ) provide an on-ramp for readers to start engaging with wikipedia .	the goals of the current version of the tool is to 1 ) provide a mechanism by which readers can help assess the quality of an article and 2 ) provide an on-ramp for readers to start engaging with wikipedia .
buildings within the district include a former chicago and north western transportation company railroad station , and movie theater , a baptist church and several private residences .	buildings within the district includes a former chicago and north western transportation company railroad station , and movie theater , a baptist church and several private residences .
some gary residents in the eastern edge of the community attend schools administered by the north white school corporation .	some gary residents in the eastern edge of the community attends schools administered by the north white school corporation .
the way out of the rounds of lives and deaths is to know we are not the body but the essential self , call it spirit , soul or consciousness .	the way out of the rounds of lives and deaths are to know we are not the body but the essential self , call it spirit , soul or consciousness .
this book ( in two volumes ) is now a very collectible item .	this book ( in two volumes ) are now a very collectible item .
the age range of the pools and their corresponding geologic formations is from pliocene-miocene for the uppermost members , to eocene for the oceanic y sand , which is at a depth of over 8500 feet .	the age range of the pools and their corresponding geologic formations are from pliocene-miocene for the uppermost members , to eocene for the oceanic y sand , which is at a depth of over 8500 feet .
natural lifestyle writers who continue to emphasise the need for the transition diet include tonya zavasta , brian clement , douglas n .	natural lifestyle writers who continue to emphasise the need for the transition diet includes tonya zavasta , brian clement , douglas n .
organizational information theory builds upon general systems theory , and focuses on the complexity of information management within an organization .	organizational information theory build upon general systems theory , and focuses on the complexity of information management within an organization .
the two biggest questions in the field right now are whether mental time travel is unique to humans or not , and what the mechanisms of this phenomenon are .	the two biggest questions in the field right now is whether mental time travel is unique to humans or not , and what the mechanisms of this phenomenon are .
technically , assignments that are written on a computer and researched online are computer-aided assessments .	technically , assignments that are written on a computer and researched online is computer-aided assessments .
the political and economic circumstances , in the peace that follows war , usually depend on the facts on the ground .	the political and economic circumstances , in the peace that follows war , usually depends on the facts on the ground .
the key primary lymphoid organs of the immune system are the thymus and bone marrow , and secondary lymphatic tissues such as spleen , tonsils , lymph vessels , lymph nodes , adenoids , and skin and liver .	the key primary lymphoid organs of the immune system is the thymus and bone marrow , and secondary lymphatic tissues such as spleen , tonsils , lymph vessels , lymph nodes , adenoids , and skin and liver .
both three-story-tall ends of the gable roof are very ornately designed with barrettes of volutes and each of the five pyramids slopes to the bottom of the partitions .	both three-story-tall ends of the gable roof is very ornately designed with barrettes of volutes and each of the five pyramids slopes to the bottom of the partitions .
the crucial piece of physics is that plasma-interactions describe the relationship between all three types of measurements - ion bulk motion , electric field , and magnetic field .	the crucial piece of physics are that plasma-interactions describe the relationship between all three types of measurements - ion bulk motion , electric field , and magnetic field .
the skills you learn in radio , such as effectively communicating to an audience , are also transferable and can help anyone looking for a new job or change of career direction .	the skills you learn in radio , such as effectively communicating to an audience , is also transferable and can help anyone looking for a new job or change of career direction .
borneo and papua form a mixed zone , where both types occur , known as wallacea .	borneo and papua form a mixed zone , where both types occurs , known as wallacea .
in other words , what this formula means is that the bone remodeling period is equivalent to the thickness of the microscopic segment of bone being formed divided by the rate at which it forms .	in other words , what this formula means is that the bone remodeling period are equivalent to the thickness of the microscopic segment of bone being formed divided by the rate at which it forms .
the discussion on the tactics and motives of the various proponents is hugely important , and feels burried under loads of explaination of why there are no peer reviewed articles .	the discussion on the tactics and motives of the various proponents are hugely important , and feels burried under loads of explaination of why there are no peer reviewed articles .
because of the threat and because they come from conservative societies , many members of the foundation 's site still prefer to be anonymous so as to protect their identity while continuing a tradition of secrecy .	because of the threat and because they come from conservative societies , many members of the foundation 's site still prefers to be anonymous so as to protect their identity while continuing a tradition of secrecy .
now collisions , whether binary or triple ( in fact of arbitrary order ) , are somehow improbable since it has been shown that they correspond to a set of initial data of measure zero .	now collisions , whether binary or triple ( in fact of arbitrary order ) , is somehow improbable since it has been shown that they correspond to a set of initial data of measure zero .
further , use cases such as live streaming or capture of game play , are also adversely affected .	further , use cases such as live streaming or capture of game play , is also adversely affected .
his publications are widespread and well known , having had his work published in prominent journals such as the british journal of pharmacology and the journal of neuroscience , the latter subject being one in which he is an important figure .	his publications is widespread and well known , having had his work published in prominent journals such as the british journal of pharmacology and the journal of neuroscience , the latter subject being one in which he is an important figure .
the mayor of avon , jim smith , said the name is perfect because grapes and wine are an important part of this area 's history .	the mayor of avon , jim smith , said the name is perfect because grapes and wine is an important part of this area 's history .
traditional trades as a resource to the historic preservation industry provide a physical grounding in feasibility , construction logic , field and site logistics , reference to skilled traditional trades practitioners , estimate and budget considerations .	traditional trades as a resource to the historic preservation industry provides a physical grounding in feasibility , construction logic , field and site logistics , reference to skilled traditional trades practitioners , estimate and budget considerations .
the rules of war are to win .	the rules of war is to win .
other highlights of the program include a field trip to new york , weekend excursions to amusement parks , beaches and films .	other highlights of the program includes a field trip to new york , weekend excursions to amusement parks , beaches and films .
the washington coat of arms appears in a memorial to lawrence washington ( died 1619 ) , great-uncle of lawrence washington , great-great grandfather of george washington , in all saints church , maidstone .	the washington coat of arms appear in a memorial to lawrence washington ( died 1619 ) , great-uncle of lawrence washington , great-great grandfather of george washington , in all saints church , maidstone .
with the addition of relays in afghanistan and iraq these services are accessible in most of the middle and near east , at least in the evening .	with the addition of relays in afghanistan and iraq these services is accessible in most of the middle and near east , at least in the evening .
this page contains a list of british and indian lawyers who were called to the bar in great britain .	this page contain a list of british and indian lawyers who were called to the bar in great britain .
last time i checked , admins lack actual superhuman powers , so claims of power hunger amongst the opposition do not concern me .	last time i checked , admins lack actual superhuman powers , so claims of power hunger amongst the opposition does not concern me .
finally the windows in the lady chapel over the altar and on the south wall are also by nicholson .	finally the windows in the lady chapel over the altar and on the south wall is also by nicholson .
they 've done this via on and offwiki attacks , some of them vicious , just as they do with anyone they see as an opponent .	they 've done this via on and offwiki attacks , some of them vicious , just as they does with anyone they see as an opponent .
early historical accounts record the name of the river that empties on the northern tip of mindanao island as zurigan , that may have been abundant in the river that now bears the name or the adjacent sea .	early historical accounts records the name of the river that empties on the northern tip of mindanao island as zurigan , that may have been abundant in the river that now bears the name or the adjacent sea .
the 34 horses used today are bay geldings ( with the exception of 2 mares ) , 15 .	the 34 horses used today is bay geldings ( with the exception of 2 mares ) , 15 .
the detrimental effects arising from the presence of an excess of dissolved hydrogen in aluminium are numerous .	the detrimental effects arising from the presence of an excess of dissolved hydrogen in aluminium is numerous .
hello wikiepedia my name is kent and i was told you offer a free dvd version download .	hello wikiepedia my name are kent and i was told you offer a free dvd version download .
i have to wonder whether the subject gives the people that she writes about in her books a veto over their publication .	i have to wonder whether the subject give the people that she writes about in her books a veto over their publication .
the upper parts of the stonework are among the repairs dating from 1580 .	the upper parts of the stonework is among the repairs dating from 1580 .
although lithium uncovered other metrics that proved to be even more predictive of community health , the ones the company selected as the basis for calculating the community health index are readily available for most online communities across the industry .	although lithium uncovered other metrics that proved to be even more predictive of community health , the ones the company selected as the basis for calculating the community health index is readily available for most online communities across the industry .
the school is one of four high schools in the olathe unified school district ( usd 233 ) .	the school are one of four high schools in the olathe unified school district ( usd 233 ) .
swift changes in the sophistication of diction also occur in the poem , as in conversation , and lend it an immediate , informal quality .	swift changes in the sophistication of diction also occurs in the poem , as in conversation , and lend it an immediate , informal quality .
i say , i have not looked at the edits ) , the editors concerned , and their edits , will be removed from wikipedia ; attacks without evidence are not acceptable , and must not be made .	i say , i have not looked at the edits ) , the editors concerned , and their edits , will be removed from wikipedia ; attacks without evidence is not acceptable , and must not be made .
at various times , he has been a writer of genre romance novels , onstad said that the pub is `` like a cheers-type place .	at various times , he has been a writer of genre romance novels , onstad said that the pub are `` like a cheers-type place .
in fact , both anna and anton develop a crush on each other , but their respective natures as human and vampire pose an impenetrable barrier for a more serious relationship .	in fact , both anna and anton develop a crush on each other , but their respective natures as human and vampire poses an impenetrable barrier for a more serious relationship .
deletion of images and pages ( though i do n't know if i 'll really need to end up deleting pages ) seems handy as well , just like the hability of dealing with user 's ips , if it becomes necessary .	deletion of images and pages ( though i do n't know if i 'll really need to end up deleting pages ) seem handy as well , just like the hability of dealing with user 's ips , if it becomes necessary .
together , these features - good preservation , and an understanding of the imposed solar flux - mean that much research on the amazonian of mars has focussed on understanding its climate , and the surface processes that respond to the climate .	together , these features - good preservation , and an understanding of the imposed solar flux - means that much research on the amazonian of mars has focussed on understanding its climate , and the surface processes that respond to the climate .
the fact that you are unable to address my points is not my problem .	the fact that you are unable to address my points are not my problem .
this feature lets users work with extremely complicated scenes without heavy processor overhead .	this feature let users work with extremely complicated scenes without heavy processor overhead .
the only sources they consider reliable for the article are those produced by the bush administration .	the only sources they consider reliable for the article is those produced by the bush administration .
the concept is also nicely twisted .	the concept are also nicely twisted .
tv and computer screens containing a cathode ray tube employ an electromagnet to guide electrons to the screen .	tv and computer screens containing a cathode ray tube employs an electromagnet to guide electrons to the screen .
most businesses are small with few staff .	most businesses is small with few staff .
documentaries in the real momentum series vary in length and style , and are mix of original logo-produced documentaries , co-productions , and acquired documentaries .	documentaries in the real momentum series vary in length and style , and is mix of original logo-produced documentaries , co-productions , and acquired documentaries .
if the set of states q is finite , then the transition functions are commonly represented as state transition tables .	if the set of states q are finite , then the transition functions are commonly represented as state transition tables .
critics of the second proposition ( b ) accuse the incompatibilists of using an incoherent concept of freedom .	critics of the second proposition ( b ) accuses the incompatibilists of using an incoherent concept of freedom .
the difference between the two levels is , in habermas 's terms , the content and the intuitively master rule-consciousness that allows for it , or in other terms , surface structures and deep structures .	the difference between the two levels are , in habermas 's terms , the content and the intuitively master rule-consciousness that allows for it , or in other terms , surface structures and deep structures .
the guard is on horseback from 10am until 4pm , with the two sentries changing every hour .	the guard are on horseback from 10am until 4pm , with the two sentries changing every hour .
the application of these techniques to humans creates moral and ethical concerns in the opinion of some , while the advantages of sensible use of selected technologies is favored by others .	the application of these techniques to humans create moral and ethical concerns in the opinion of some , while the advantages of sensible use of selected technologies is favored by others .
when people with a history of depression stop smoking , there are depressive symptoms or actual depression that may result from this .	when people with a history of depression stop smoking , there is depressive symptoms or actual depression that may result from this .
the limerick-ballybrophy railway line travels through the south of the county however there are no railway stations on the line in county offaly .	the limerick-ballybrophy railway line travels through the south of the county however there is no railway stations on the line in county offaly .
thus , the two substrates of this enzyme are s-adenosyl methionine and 5 , 6 , 3 ' , 4'-tetrahydroxy-3 , 7-dimethoxyflavone , whereas its two products are s-adenosylhomocysteine and 5 , 3 ' , 4'-trihydroxy-3 , 6 , 7-trimethoxyflavone .	thus , the two substrates of this enzyme is s-adenosyl methionine and 5 , 6 , 3 ' , 4'-tetrahydroxy-3 , 7-dimethoxyflavone , whereas its two products are s-adenosylhomocysteine and 5 , 3 ' , 4'-trihydroxy-3 , 6 , 7-trimethoxyflavone .
a championship between youth teams of premier league clubs also exists .	a championship between youth teams of premier league clubs also exist .
the sum of the degrees of the vertices is therefore an even number , which could not happen if an odd number of the vertices had odd degree .	the sum of the degrees of the vertices are therefore an even number , which could not happen if an odd number of the vertices had odd degree .
my impression is that his recent contributions to afd were made to provide some numbers for the summary stats which you have now posted on the discussion page .	my impression are that his recent contributions to afd were made to provide some numbers for the summary stats which you have now posted on the discussion page .
the towns founded in this period include curitiba ( 1668 ) , florianópolis ( 1675 ) , rio grande ( 1736 ) , porto alegre ( 1742 ) and others , and helped keep southern brazil firmly under portuguese control .	the towns founded in this period includes curitiba ( 1668 ) , florianópolis ( 1675 ) , rio grande ( 1736 ) , porto alegre ( 1742 ) and others , and helped keep southern brazil firmly under portuguese control .
perhaps the oldest bonds still outstanding as a result of war are the british consols , some of which are the result of the refinancing of debts incurred during the napoleonic wars .	perhaps the oldest bonds still outstanding as a result of war is the british consols , some of which are the result of the refinancing of debts incurred during the napoleonic wars .
dialogue between religions , cultures and social groups is often dialogue across opposing truth claims and world views .	dialogue between religions , cultures and social groups are often dialogue across opposing truth claims and world views .
investment in environmentally unfriendly sources is therefore [ [ evil ] ] .	investment in environmentally unfriendly sources are therefore [ [ evil ] ] .
list of subcultures is currently on afd .	list of subcultures are currently on afd .
papanasam assembly constituency is part of mayiladuturai ( lok sabha constituency ) .	papanasam assembly constituency are part of mayiladuturai ( lok sabha constituency ) .
a mandatory minimum penalty ( ranging from 4 to 7 years depending on the circumstances ) only applies when the offence is committed with a firearm .	a mandatory minimum penalty ( ranging from 4 to 7 years depending on the circumstances ) only apply when the offence is committed with a firearm .
this is an unusual action , seldom done except where the picture violates someone 's personal or property rights .	this is an unusual action , seldom done except where the picture violate someone 's personal or property rights .
headblade - the only aspects of the article providing any real claim of significance are the moma inclusion and the time magazine article .	headblade - the only aspects of the article providing any real claim of significance is the moma inclusion and the time magazine article .
the lower house is the west virginia house of delegates and the upper house is the senate .	the lower house are the west virginia house of delegates and the upper house is the senate .
the instructions for submitting an article for peer review say , `` articles with major cleanup banners in place can not be submitted for peer review .	the instructions for submitting an article for peer review says , `` articles with major cleanup banners in place can not be submitted for peer review .
treatment is usually with an antibiotic medication , and preventing injury to the feet is the best way to prevent foot rot .	treatment is usually with an antibiotic medication , and preventing injury to the feet are the best way to prevent foot rot .
i do n't know if that exact reaction is possible , please suggest some other heavy particle in that case .	i do n't know if that exact reaction are possible , please suggest some other heavy particle in that case .
the mechanisms of phosphorus digestion and metabolism differ substantially between ruminant and non-ruminant ( monogastric ) species .	the mechanisms of phosphorus digestion and metabolism differs substantially between ruminant and non-ruminant ( monogastric ) species .
one major difference between images and articles is that the former tends to be static , especially when it comes to photographs .	one major difference between images and articles are that the former tends to be static , especially when it comes to photographs .
i understand that the entire reason why the cars are called formula one cars is because they follow the `` formula '' set out by fia .	i understand that the entire reason why the cars are called formula one cars are because they follow the `` formula '' set out by fia .
the merits of both the authoritarian system and the democratic system are debatable .	the merits of both the authoritarian system and the democratic system is debatable .
bladder infections in pregnancy are serious and require immediate medical attention because left untreated they can result in premature delivery of your baby or miscarriage .	bladder infections in pregnancy is serious and require immediate medical attention because left untreated they can result in premature delivery of your baby or miscarriage .
meanwhile , men working on the mission from the surface with sonar discover some unusual shapes moving near the doomed diving bell .	meanwhile , men working on the mission from the surface with sonar discovers some unusual shapes moving near the doomed diving bell .
the legend is that , as he lay dead on the battleground his comrades picked wild flowers and covered his remains with the flowers before they retreated as they did n't have enough time to bury him .	the legend are that , as he lay dead on the battleground his comrades picked wild flowers and covered his remains with the flowers before they retreated as they did n't have enough time to bury him .
a railway museum exists in the rebuilt bideford signal box and also in the green pmv ( parcels and miscellaneous van ) .	a railway museum exist in the rebuilt bideford signal box and also in the green pmv ( parcels and miscellaneous van ) .
the vehicle is still a common sight on british roads , having become a popular choice for conversion to live-in vehicles ( not campers ) and workshops .	the vehicle are still a common sight on british roads , having become a popular choice for conversion to live-in vehicles ( not campers ) and workshops .
the cause for these missing missing children is unknown .	the cause for these missing missing children are unknown .
the main fields of construction work are marine , dredging and land reclamation contractors ; heavy contractors for the oil and gas , power and water industries ; electromechanical and infrastructure contractors ; geotechnical and foundation engineering services .	the main fields of construction work is marine , dredging and land reclamation contractors ; heavy contractors for the oil and gas , power and water industries ; electromechanical and infrastructure contractors ; geotechnical and foundation engineering services .
the key actors at the policy level in the sector are the ministry of energy , mining , water and environment in charge of water resources management and the ministry of interior in charge of water supply and sanitation .	the key actors at the policy level in the sector is the ministry of energy , mining , water and environment in charge of water resources management and the ministry of interior in charge of water supply and sanitation .
in general , these sorts of abbreviation are all shunned in mathematical prose .	in general , these sorts of abbreviation is all shunned in mathematical prose .
apparently people in the autism spectrum disorder are not able to discern very well between the two types .	apparently people in the autism spectrum disorder is not able to discern very well between the two types .
all that can be seen in the history and talk page , but what is being discussed now is if certain links in this section detailing the fork are okay via selfpub or if they violate it .	all that can be seen in the history and talk page , but what is being discussed now is if certain links in this section detailing the fork is okay via selfpub or if they violate it .
the number of fellows is comparable or smaller than the number in the actual national academy .	the number of fellows are comparable or smaller than the number in the actual national academy .
unfortunately i no longer have that access , but the point remains is that from there as well , the fair use claim is valid .	unfortunately i no longer have that access , but the point remains is that from there as well , the fair use claim are valid .
some enzymes or enzyme complexes require several cofactors .	some enzymes or enzyme complexes requires several cofactors .
a very basic understanding of mathematics and statistics is quite useful for many different walks of life .	a very basic understanding of mathematics and statistics are quite useful for many different walks of life .
the exact constraints and definition of this term continue to be debated because the limits of this emerging concept make it extremely difficult to categorize events under the heading of urbicide .	the exact constraints and definition of this term continue to be debated because the limits of this emerging concept makes it extremely difficult to categorize events under the heading of urbicide .
the later versions that use the dock connector allow access to the headphone jack ; the newer ipod models at which they are aimed do not have the connector for a wired remote anyway .	the later versions that use the dock connector allows access to the headphone jack ; the newer ipod models at which they are aimed do not have the connector for a wired remote anyway .
the references in the article relate to what the project is researching but not the project itself , and all of them predate this project .	the references in the article relate to what the project is researching but not the project itself , and all of them predates this project .
the use of notable cultural themes in significant ways in notable works is suitable subject for an article .	the use of notable cultural themes in significant ways in notable works are suitable subject for an article .
findings in favour of the stress hypothesis include a study in which distinctive room position affected occurrence of the disorder .	findings in favour of the stress hypothesis includes a study in which distinctive room position affected occurrence of the disorder .
from 1997 to 1999 , paul posed in his underpants only for magazines to spread the message that `` laws are inherent to every people '' .	from 1997 to 1999 , paul posed in his underpants only for magazines to spread the message that `` laws is inherent to every people '' .
besides commercial and government services , the bank offers a large variety of services to the consumer including bill payment services ( boleto ) , atm loans , and a single package that contains the account numbers for checking , multiple savings accounts , and investment account .	besides commercial and government services , the bank offer a large variety of services to the consumer including bill payment services ( boleto ) , atm loans , and a single package that contains the account numbers for checking , multiple savings accounts , and investment account .
police records show that papon called for officers in one station to be 'subversive ' in quelling the demonstrations , and assured them protection from prosecution if they participated .	police records shows that papon called for officers in one station to be 'subversive ' in quelling the demonstrations , and assured them protection from prosecution if they participated .
however screen shots of non free software are not nonfree .	however screen shots of non free software is not nonfree .
dancers under the height requirement are ineligible to audition .	dancers under the height requirement is ineligible to audition .
the groups , that use this instrument , use only flute and percussive elements in their music , in a profusion of native american , african and european traditions .	the groups , that use this instrument , uses only flute and percussive elements in their music , in a profusion of native american , african and european traditions .
if a ( more ) complete set of flags becomes available , we can decide on a complete shift then .	if a ( more ) complete set of flags become available , we can decide on a complete shift then .
the actual group used in cryptographic applications is a subgroup g0 of g of a large prime order l .	the actual group used in cryptographic applications are a subgroup g0 of g of a large prime order l .
the dispute in these cases is almost certainly regarding the words the term you are naming is almost exclusively known only by its acronyms and is widely known and used in that form .	the dispute in these cases are almost certainly regarding the words the term you are naming is almost exclusively known only by its acronyms and is widely known and used in that form .
adherents to this storyline believe that the bari have settled in gondokoro , rajaf and nyarabanga , around 1600 a .	adherents to this storyline believes that the bari have settled in gondokoro , rajaf and nyarabanga , around 1600 a .
colloquium is a night time event where a faculty member from each of the 3 branches of the arts and sciences comes and discusses their research .	colloquium is a night time event where a faculty member from each of the 3 branches of the arts and sciences come and discusses their research .
units such as a sniper with a higher intelligence level are less likely to pop up from a tank because they are likely to be shot .	units such as a sniper with a higher intelligence level is less likely to pop up from a tank because they are likely to be shot .
the leading sonar technology for detecting and tracking underwater intruders is active , monostatic sonar , using principles of conventional beam forming in its signal processing .	the leading sonar technology for detecting and tracking underwater intruders are active , monostatic sonar , using principles of conventional beam forming in its signal processing .
the treasure , which is estimated to be worth close to two billion dollars , reputedly includes `` st .	the treasure , which is estimated to be worth close to two billion dollars , reputedly include `` st .
to build totems in totomi you must pile up animals blocks from assembly lines into three game slots and the object is to get as many points as possible before time runs out by collecting these totems .	to build totems in totomi you must pile up animals blocks from assembly lines into three game slots and the object are to get as many points as possible before time runs out by collecting these totems .
balloon trip where the goal is to avoid obstacles in a side-scrolling stage .	balloon trip where the goal are to avoid obstacles in a side-scrolling stage .
the rate of abortions is higher in the united states than in other developed countries because of the higher rate of unintended pregnancies in the us .	the rate of abortions are higher in the united states than in other developed countries because of the higher rate of unintended pregnancies in the us .
extensions that can not be transformed are sometimes very powerful , but usually lack the full range of mathematical tools available to analyse normal petri nets .	extensions that can not be transformed is sometimes very powerful , but usually lack the full range of mathematical tools available to analyse normal petri nets .
the mechanical counterparts of voltage and electric current in this type of analysis are , respectively , force ( f ) and velocity ( v ) and represent the signal waveforms .	the mechanical counterparts of voltage and electric current in this type of analysis is , respectively , force ( f ) and velocity ( v ) and represent the signal waveforms .
i vaguely recall reading someplace that the number of us 1c coins that are discarded is actually causing a measurable amount of pollution in areas around landfills and other places where the concentration of discarded coins is high .	i vaguely recall reading someplace that the number of us 1c coins that are discarded is actually causing a measurable amount of pollution in areas around landfills and other places where the concentration of discarded coins are high .
the intersection of infinitely many such events is a set of outcomes common to all of them .	the intersection of infinitely many such events are a set of outcomes common to all of them .
notable facets of this social philosopher 's work include criticism of neo-kantianism and post-modernism , along with what has been described as `` a forceful defense of hegel 's speculative thought .	notable facets of this social philosopher 's work includes criticism of neo-kantianism and post-modernism , along with what has been described as `` a forceful defense of hegel 's speculative thought .
orality is thought and verbal expression in societies where the technologies of literacy ( especially writing and print ) are unfamiliar to most of the population .	orality is thought and verbal expression in societies where the technologies of literacy ( especially writing and print ) is unfamiliar to most of the population .
if your arguments in support of administrator intervention are baseless claims of racism against anyone who disagrees with you , repeated cries of `` i feel really offended ( sic ) '' and the fact that the admin in question reverted an article ( !	if your arguments in support of administrator intervention is baseless claims of racism against anyone who disagrees with you , repeated cries of `` i feel really offended ( sic ) '' and the fact that the admin in question reverted an article ( !
i continue to maintain my position that courtesy deletion for people who are willing public figures is uncalled for and almost ridiculous .	i continue to maintain my position that courtesy deletion for people who are willing public figures are uncalled for and almost ridiculous .
the principal metals of concern regarding direct contact with copper are aluminum , light-gauge steel , and zinc .	the principal metals of concern regarding direct contact with copper is aluminum , light-gauge steel , and zinc .
the identity of the editors has no bearing on the neutrality of the article .	the identity of the editors have no bearing on the neutrality of the article .
referred to by history books variously as a `` sanctimonious gaffer '' , the bare facts of his life story are less humorous .	referred to by history books variously as a `` sanctimonious gaffer '' , the bare facts of his life story is less humorous .
since oz is a fairyland , no one can die , even when the parts of their body are separated from each other .	since oz is a fairyland , no one can die , even when the parts of their body is separated from each other .
today , several successful ski schools , for both water skiing and barefoot skiing , make their home there .	today , several successful ski schools , for both water skiing and barefoot skiing , makes their home there .
one of the things that makes this bicycle tour significant is that it has been around since 1989 .	one of the things that makes this bicycle tour significant are that it has been around since 1989 .
their work has established that the nine easily available extant versions fall into three distinct lines of descent .	their work has established that the nine easily available extant versions falls into three distinct lines of descent .
modern gas ovens using natural gas or propane are less toxic , although sticking your head into them is still not recommended .	modern gas ovens using natural gas or propane is less toxic , although sticking your head into them is still not recommended .
popular activities at the park include jogging , aerobics , school dance rehearsals , promenading , arnis and martial arts practice and feeding the tilapias of the lagoon .	popular activities at the park includes jogging , aerobics , school dance rehearsals , promenading , arnis and martial arts practice and feeding the tilapias of the lagoon .
the sources in the present article are very old and far from complete .	the sources in the present article is very old and far from complete .
it is suspected that a proportion of cases in people with mild symptoms remains undiagnosed .	it is suspected that a proportion of cases in people with mild symptoms remain undiagnosed .
other features of the field include a press box , concessions , bullpens , hitting cages , and an underground sprinkler system .	other features of the field includes a press box , concessions , bullpens , hitting cages , and an underground sprinkler system .
another problem that growers face is that in the spring the soil will take longer to warm and dry , which may delay planting to a less ideal future date .	another problem that growers face are that in the spring the soil will take longer to warm and dry , which may delay planting to a less ideal future date .
the parent trap is a film series originating in 1961 with hayley mills as the twins .	the parent trap are a film series originating in 1961 with hayley mills as the twins .
lions , male or female , have a shoulder height of .	lions , male or female , has a shoulder height of .
as much as i detest bigotry , not all editors in this project are objectionable .	as much as i detest bigotry , not all editors in this project is objectionable .
model numbers included in the 500 series are the 500 , 505 , 510 , 535 , and 590 .	model numbers included in the 500 series is the 500 , 505 , 510 , 535 , and 590 .
in the beginning of the 13th century , german knights build their castle there .	in the beginning of the 13th century , german knights builds their castle there .
the classic shoes for wearing with a pencil skirt are high heels , pencil skirts can also be worn with flats for a more casual , youthful vibe that echoes the 1960s .	the classic shoes for wearing with a pencil skirt is high heels , pencil skirts can also be worn with flats for a more casual , youthful vibe that echoes the 1960s .
employing more than 73 , 600 people , institutions at the medical center include 13 hospitals and two specialty institutions , two medical schools , four nursing schools , and schools of dentistry , public health , pharmacy , and virtually all health-related careers .	employing more than 73 , 600 people , institutions at the medical center includes 13 hospitals and two specialty institutions , two medical schools , four nursing schools , and schools of dentistry , public health , pharmacy , and virtually all health-related careers .
emerging areas of alternative risk transfer include intellectual property insurance , automobile insurance securitization and life settlements .	emerging areas of alternative risk transfer includes intellectual property insurance , automobile insurance securitization and life settlements .
self-modifying code is harder to read and maintain because the instructions in the source program listing are not necessarily the instructions that will be executed .	self-modifying code is harder to read and maintain because the instructions in the source program listing is not necessarily the instructions that will be executed .
although extension in quantitative parts follows upon a corporeal nature , nevertheless it is not the same for a body to be a substance and for it to be quantified .	although extension in quantitative parts follow upon a corporeal nature , nevertheless it is not the same for a body to be a substance and for it to be quantified .
the array of spaces and places experienced by children includes , but are not restricted to , homes , schools , playgrounds , neighbourhoods , streets , cities , countries , landscapes of consumption , and cyberspace .	the array of spaces and places experienced by children include , but are not restricted to , homes , schools , playgrounds , neighbourhoods , streets , cities , countries , landscapes of consumption , and cyberspace .
teaching for new sailors is usually carried out in monohulls as they are thought easier to learn to sail , a mixture of all the differences mentioned probably contributes to this .	teaching for new sailors is usually carried out in monohulls as they are thought easier to learn to sail , a mixture of all the differences mentioned probably contribute to this .
happy memories of his wife and daughter appear as he walks through each room , until , tormented by these re-dos , he messily cuts his grain out of his neck with a razor .	happy memories of his wife and daughter appears as he walks through each room , until , tormented by these re-dos , he messily cuts his grain out of his neck with a razor .
any comments published on this page are the opinions of their author alone , and do not reflect the opinion of the wikimedia foundation .	any comments published on this page is the opinions of their author alone , and do not reflect the opinion of the wikimedia foundation .
the same problem is likely to occur here - as tacitly suggested by you with your asssumption that a northern ireland type should be a subtype of this .	the same problem are likely to occur here - as tacitly suggested by you with your asssumption that a northern ireland type should be a subtype of this .
in primary care , where methods of health promotion are important , the clinical history document is sometimes known as a `` health history '' ( historia de salud ) or `` life history '' ( historia de vida ) .	in primary care , where methods of health promotion is important , the clinical history document is sometimes known as a `` health history '' ( historia de salud ) or `` life history '' ( historia de vida ) .
a pair of escalators and lifts past these gates heads down to the platform level .	a pair of escalators and lifts past these gates head down to the platform level .
her career high doubles ranking is 67 , set on 24 may 2010 and her career high singles ranking is 199 , which she reached on 10 july 2006 .	her career high doubles ranking are 67 , set on 24 may 2010 and her career high singles ranking is 199 , which she reached on 10 july 2006 .
in the religious world of the toba and karo batak the gods and the creation of mankind are far less significant than the complex concepts connected with the tendi ( karo ) or tondi ( toba ) and the begu .	in the religious world of the toba and karo batak the gods and the creation of mankind is far less significant than the complex concepts connected with the tendi ( karo ) or tondi ( toba ) and the begu .
lawful enemy combatants who violate the law of war are subject to chapter 47 of this title .	lawful enemy combatants who violate the law of war is subject to chapter 47 of this title .
the car is single-ended and is operated from the baggage compartment .	the car are single-ended and is operated from the baggage compartment .
these examples suggest that a `` bare presence , '' that is , knowledgeless sensation that is no more than evidence , may really occur .	these examples suggests that a `` bare presence , '' that is , knowledgeless sensation that is no more than evidence , may really occur .
members of the salt museum staff , dressed in historical costume , demonstrate the salt-boiling process using lead salt pans heated on wood fires .	members of the salt museum staff , dressed in historical costume , demonstrates the salt-boiling process using lead salt pans heated on wood fires .
aside from population , other numbers affected by the prison and boot camp are racial makeup , age distribution , and gender ratios .	aside from population , other numbers affected by the prison and boot camp is racial makeup , age distribution , and gender ratios .
wikipedia is not the place to attach disparaging labels to things we do n't like ; our job as editors is to record the facts insofar as they agreed , and to note the areas of disagreement , both over fact and over interpretation .	wikipedia is not the place to attach disparaging labels to things we do n't like ; our job as editors are to record the facts insofar as they agreed , and to note the areas of disagreement , both over fact and over interpretation .
font display of the small caps loses boldface ; require html code unless a special wiki surname tagging is developed .	font display of the small caps lose boldface ; require html code unless a special wiki surname tagging is developed .
june - the greenock rail accident , caused by vandals placing concrete blocks on the rails , kills two people .	june - the greenock rail accident , caused by vandals placing concrete blocks on the rails , kill two people .
a male genital disease is a condition that affects the male reproductive system .	a male genital disease are a condition that affects the male reproductive system .
there is a rough adherence to actual chronology though many events in the book are not in order .	there is a rough adherence to actual chronology though many events in the book is not in order .
other additions in the last decade include a music wing , computer labs , television studio , and new science labs .	other additions in the last decade includes a music wing , computer labs , television studio , and new science labs .
two-phase classes of competition also work the horse to the right .	two-phase classes of competition also works the horse to the right .
common venues through which arbitration is sought are the international centre for settlement of investment disputes ( icsid ) , the united nations commission on international trade law ( uncitral ) and the international chamber of commerce ( icc ) .	common venues through which arbitration is sought is the international centre for settlement of investment disputes ( icsid ) , the united nations commission on international trade law ( uncitral ) and the international chamber of commerce ( icc ) .
the 2003 team is the only final four team in school history .	the 2003 team are the only final four team in school history .
the chapels , meditation room and synagogue are always open and available for private prayer and meditation .	the chapels , meditation room and synagogue is always open and available for private prayer and meditation .
examples without an intro include bugles and drums and the footlifter .	examples without an intro includes bugles and drums and the footlifter .
even when nodes in the network are not fully independent ( e .	even when nodes in the network is not fully independent ( e .
the economic basis for including developing countries in efforts to reduce emissions is that emission cuts are thought to be less expensive in developing countries than developed countries ( goldemberg et al .	the economic basis for including developing countries in efforts to reduce emissions are that emission cuts are thought to be less expensive in developing countries than developed countries ( goldemberg et al .
own the article on the synagogue , that the standards for the synagogue 's website are not those of wikipedia , and that removing properly sourced , relevant information is considered vandalism .	own the article on the synagogue , that the standards for the synagogue 's website is not those of wikipedia , and that removing properly sourced , relevant information is considered vandalism .
the parts at the beginning and the end of the series are shot in live action in vancouver , british columbia .	the parts at the beginning and the end of the series is shot in live action in vancouver , british columbia .
the use of atomic numbers , rather than atomic weights , to distinguish elements has greater predictive value ( since these numbers are integers ) , and also resolves some ambiguities in the chemistry-based view due to varying properties of isotopes and allotropes within the same element .	the use of atomic numbers , rather than atomic weights , to distinguish elements have greater predictive value ( since these numbers are integers ) , and also resolves some ambiguities in the chemistry-based view due to varying properties of isotopes and allotropes within the same element .
i have aready been doing small fundraisers in efforts to build my crediabilty but i do know that the first thing people are going to do is google me and what breat out is .	i have aready been doing small fundraisers in efforts to build my crediabilty but i do know that the first thing people are going to do are google me and what breat out is .
the age limit of the participating athletes is 20 years .	the age limit of the participating athletes are 20 years .
so , quality , at least for those kinds of articles , is under control and , in addition , the wikipedia covers well over a million topics not covered by its commercial rivals .	so , quality , at least for those kinds of articles , are under control and , in addition , the wikipedia covers well over a million topics not covered by its commercial rivals .
the lyrics for the song are as follows .	the lyrics for the song is as follows .
an analogous procedure for polynomial roots is [ [ newton 's method ] ] , which solves a series of linear approximations .	an analogous procedure for polynomial roots are [ [ newton 's method ] ] , which solves a series of linear approximations .
simulations suggest there may have been several generations of galilean satellites in jupiter 's early history .	simulations suggests there may have been several generations of galilean satellites in jupiter 's early history .
goods like iron ore shipped via this railroad make narvik an important seaport .	goods like iron ore shipped via this railroad makes narvik an important seaport .
the fbi still carries out numerous `` black bag '' entry-and-search missions , in which the search is covert and the target of the investigation is not informed that the search took place .	the fbi still carries out numerous `` black bag '' entry-and-search missions , in which the search are covert and the target of the investigation is not informed that the search took place .
author of the diaries is lewis carroll .	author of the diaries are lewis carroll .
the school has a school council , where representatives from each year group attend regular meetings to decide what changes need to be made to school life to make the experience more beneficial to students and staff alike .	the school has a school council , where representatives from each year group attends regular meetings to decide what changes need to be made to school life to make the experience more beneficial to students and staff alike .
no matter how many people on a talk page say they support an edit , sometimes it is only when your changes are reverted or substantially changed that you learn that you did not , in fact , have full consensus .	no matter how many people on a talk page says they support an edit , sometimes it is only when your changes are reverted or substantially changed that you learn that you did not , in fact , have full consensus .
iddings claims the name derives from the fact that a tributary of mountain ash creek joins at the very brink of the falls , thus union falls .	iddings claims the name derive from the fact that a tributary of mountain ash creek joins at the very brink of the falls , thus union falls .
the main facilities in the village today , are the lochryan hotel , some bed and breakfasts and guest houses , the caravan site built on the site of an old war camp site , village shop and the merchant 's house restaurant .	the main facilities in the village today , is the lochryan hotel , some bed and breakfasts and guest houses , the caravan site built on the site of an old war camp site , village shop and the merchant 's house restaurant .
average slip rates in the fault 's central region are about 30mm a year , very fast by global standards .	average slip rates in the fault 's central region is about 30mm a year , very fast by global standards .
other storylines in this season include the love triange between john ross , christopher and elena , christopher 's marriage to rebecca , sue ellen 's plans to run for governor of texas and bobby 's health problems .	other storylines in this season includes the love triange between john ross , christopher and elena , christopher 's marriage to rebecca , sue ellen 's plans to run for governor of texas and bobby 's health problems .
the basic idea behind all these approaches is the inclusion of nonmarket commodities , positive and negative , to yield an aggregated macroindicator in monetary terms .	the basic idea behind all these approaches are the inclusion of nonmarket commodities , positive and negative , to yield an aggregated macroindicator in monetary terms .
could someone explain to censei why this edit is inappropriate .	could someone explain to censei why this edit are inappropriate .
the electrical energy it requires to operate pumps and fans is best produced by solar pv panels as its demand for power is proportional to sunlight .	the electrical energy it requires to operate pumps and fans are best produced by solar pv panels as its demand for power is proportional to sunlight .
the values of integrity , impartiality and merit remain the guiding principles of indian civil services .	the values of integrity , impartiality and merit remains the guiding principles of indian civil services .
the southern walls , which are basically straight with the exception of an area where the ridge bulges outward , are long .	the southern walls , which are basically straight with the exception of an area where the ridge bulges outward , is long .
i 'd suggest that arguments that assert notability connected with the company 's business model are the only ones that will be of any use .	i 'd suggest that arguments that assert notability connected with the company 's business model is the only ones that will be of any use .
as the positive feedback poured in for devil in a blue dress , the ambitious members of the mmmg decided to start a new project , this time to incorporate distinct textures , sprites , sounds , weapons , and anything else that was possible to change .	as the positive feedback poured in for devil in a blue dress , the ambitious members of the mmmg decided to start a new project , this time to incorporate distinct textures , sprites , sound , weapons , and anything else that was possible to change .
a fully grown hero shrew 's body is in length with a tail of .	a fully grown hero shrew 's body are in length with a tail of .
thompson 's line of questioning was intended to establish `` whether systemic bias against lesbians and gay men prevents them from being treated by others as equal citizens in the political process '' .	thompson 's line of questioning was intended to establish `` whether systemic bias against lesbians and gay men prevent them from being treated by others as equal citizens in the political process '' .
the ideologies most commonly associated with the militia movement are the christian patriot movement , the constitutional militia movement , and opposition to the creation of a one world government .	the ideologies most commonly associated with the militia movement is the christian patriot movement , the constitutional militia movement , and opposition to the creation of a one world government .
the group flee just as everything suddenly starts to rumble and rocks cave in .	the group flees just as everything suddenly starts to rumble and rocks cave in .
medusa 's main objection is to `` the depiction of perverse sex in the witch gathering satanic scenes and one cannibal killing of a major character .	medusa 's main objection are to `` the depiction of perverse sex in the witch gathering satanic scenes and one cannibal killing of a major character .
samples of the fox version of the syllabary are in jones ( 1906 ) , and walker ( 1981 , 1996 ) ; the latter includes handwriting samples for each character or compound character from four different early twentieth-century fox writers .	samples of the fox version of the syllabary is in jones ( 1906 ) , and walker ( 1981 , 1996 ) ; the latter includes handwriting samples for each character or compound character from four different early twentieth-century fox writers .
a cow deity appears on the belt of the king on the narmer palette dated to the pre-dynastic era , and this may be hathor or , in another guise , the goddess bat with whom she is linked and later supplanted .	a cow deity appear on the belt of the king on the narmer palette dated to the pre-dynastic era , and this may be hathor or , in another guise , the goddess bat with whom she is linked and later supplanted .
the station has a freeform format with alternative rock when no student is on .	the station have a freeform format with alternative rock when no student is on .
the indigenous people of the province are the tehuelches , who despite european exploration from the 16th century onwards , retained independence until the late 19th century .	the indigenous people of the province is the tehuelches , who despite european exploration from the 16th century onwards , retained independence until the late 19th century .
while comprehensive worldwide statistics regarding the prevalence of this practice are unknown , several useful regional studies have been conducted .	while comprehensive worldwide statistics regarding the prevalence of this practice is unknown , several useful regional studies have been conducted .
several major cities along the route include maryborough , rockhampton , mackay , townsville , and cairns .	several major cities along the route includes maryborough , rockhampton , mackay , townsville , and cairns .
most electromagnetic waves in a normal conductor are not able to do this , since the high conductivity of metals ( due to their free electrons ) acts to screen out the electromagnetic field .	most electromagnetic waves in a normal conductor is not able to do this , since the high conductivity of metals ( due to their free electrons ) acts to screen out the electromagnetic field .
females raised in a cooler environment are more likely to actively court male butterflies .	females raised in a cooler environment is more likely to actively court male butterflies .
spiral galaxies are , in fact , vortices .	spiral galaxies is , in fact , vortices .
the fact that it has happened on different types of connections at different locations makes me think it 's something more than just my computer .	the fact that it has happened on different types of connections at different locations make me think it 's something more than just my computer .
the bones of the skull table are very thick .	the bones of the skull table is very thick .
the spouting water from the faces of the towers appears to be flowing from the displayed subject 's mouth from a nozzle located in the center of each interior face above the reflecting pool .	the spouting water from the faces of the towers appear to be flowing from the displayed subject 's mouth from a nozzle located in the center of each interior face above the reflecting pool .
the hallmarks of a fighter are its speed , maneuverability , and small size relative to other combat aircraft .	the hallmarks of a fighter is its speed , maneuverability , and small size relative to other combat aircraft .
localities within the borough but outside the city area continue to be disambiguated by ceremonial county , as with olney , buckinghamshire .	localities within the borough but outside the city area continues to be disambiguated by ceremonial county , as with olney , buckinghamshire .
the organization is notable but the election was not .	the organization are notable but the election was not .
the general idea behind the n rules for academics is more n than most of the others in the field , and this is not a field where the ordinary sort of publications and faculty positions seem to be applicable .	the general idea behind the n rules for academics are more n than most of the others in the field , and this is not a field where the ordinary sort of publications and faculty positions seem to be applicable .
sparse images ( like the bike image above ) are a sub-classification of the dzi file type .	sparse images ( like the bike image above ) is a sub-classification of the dzi file type .
kings of bavaria and a number of other royal and princely families descend from her , including duchess amalie in bavaria , who married the would-be king mindaugas ii of lithuania , and was mother of the latter 's children and descendants .	kings of bavaria and a number of other royal and princely families descends from her , including duchess amalie in bavaria , who married the would-be king mindaugas ii of lithuania , and was mother of the latter 's children and descendants .
the arguments on notability on the talk page are completely unconvincing ( in particular the references to two recent fields medalists ) .	the arguments on notability on the talk page is completely unconvincing ( in particular the references to two recent fields medalists ) .
off-campus housing options vary widely , given a student 's preferred living arranagements and budget .	off-campus housing options varies widely , given a student 's preferred living arranagements and budget .
the major challenges faced by modern-day neutron detection include background noise , high detection rates , neutron neutrality , and low neutron energies .	the major challenges faced by modern-day neutron detection includes background noise , high detection rates , neutron neutrality , and low neutron energies .
the only claims to notability in this article are through association with notable artists .	the only claims to notability in this article is through association with notable artists .
in france , this version is widely known , while most people under age 50 are unaware of the original version .	in france , this version is widely known , while most people under age 50 is unaware of the original version .
french language and the translations from and towards 22 languages ( that means approximately 4 .	french language and the translations from and towards 22 languages ( that mean approximately 4 .
google search with quotes turns up abysmal numbers of results , none of which are not wikipedia mirrors .	google search with quotes turn up abysmal numbers of results , none of which are not wikipedia mirrors .
onions , pepper and sugar cane are important cash crops .	onions , pepper and sugar cane is important cash crops .
the origins of the cricket cap are hard to discern , however prints showing the game being played in the eighteenth century , already depict players wearing a variety similar versions of the traditional cricket cap .	the origins of the cricket cap is hard to discern , however prints showing the game being played in the eighteenth century , already depict players wearing a variety similar versions of the traditional cricket cap .
motion of the heavenly bodies causes tidal forces .	motion of the heavenly bodies cause tidal forces .
the file system used on the media is udf revision 2 .	the file system used on the media are udf revision 2 .
beans , corn , rice , and sorghum continue to be widely grown and consumed domestically .	beans , corn , rice , and sorghum continues to be widely grown and consumed domestically .
little movements called fault creep are minor and not measurable .	little movements called fault creep is minor and not measurable .
because of this ideal location , the base is able to provide invaluable support to both us sixth fleet units in the mediterranean and to usaf air mobility command units transiting to germany and southwest asia .	because of this ideal location , the base are able to provide invaluable support to both us sixth fleet units in the mediterranean and to usaf air mobility command units transiting to germany and southwest asia .
bernoulli 's formula for sums of powers is the most useful and generalizable formulation to date .	bernoulli 's formula for sums of powers are the most useful and generalizable formulation to date .
in some stories , the plot will branch out depending on the results of certain fights or decisions made by the player , changing the fights that the player faces .	in some stories , the plot will branch out depending on the results of certain fights or decisions made by the player , changing the fights that the player face .
the only non-structural elements are the four decorative grillwork arches , added in stephen sauvestre 's sketches , which served to reassure visitors that the structure was safe , and to frame views of other nearby architecture .	the only non-structural elements is the four decorative grillwork arches , added in stephen sauvestre 's sketches , which served to reassure visitors that the structure was safe , and to frame views of other nearby architecture .
in november 1997 , a first exchange of ideas takes place between representatives of the city state of bremen , bremen university and rice university , houston , texas .	in november 1997 , a first exchange of ideas take place between representatives of the city state of bremen , bremen university and rice university , houston , texas .
the most common delta gamma fundraisers for service for sight are anchor splash ( a swimming event held in the spring ) and anchor slam ( a basketball event held in the spring ) .	the most common delta gamma fundraisers for service for sight is anchor splash ( a swimming event held in the spring ) and anchor slam ( a basketball event held in the spring ) .
the heaps of mining waste remain , contaminated with lead , and on which little will grow .	the heaps of mining waste remains , contaminated with lead , and on which little will grow .
while his descriptions in point of style are models of perfect elegance and classical correctness , they are as remarkeable for their exactness .	while his descriptions in point of style is models of perfect elegance and classical correctness , they are as remarkeable for their exactness .
some bands relating to the death metal genre perform what is called `` pig squealing '' , which is a squealing vocal technique resembling that of a pig .	some bands relating to the death metal genre performs what is called `` pig squealing '' , which is a squealing vocal technique resembling that of a pig .
other acts signed to the label during its history include whiteout , jars of clay , buddy guy , the men they could n't hang and loudon wainwright iii .	other acts signed to the label during its history includes whiteout , jars of clay , buddy guy , the men they could n't hang and loudon wainwright iii .
we can extend that slightly to say that georgia 's right to be wrong in matters not specifically controlled by the constitution is a necessary component of its own political processes .	we can extend that slightly to say that georgia 's right to be wrong in matters not specifically controlled by the constitution are a necessary component of its own political processes .
patheon 's competitors in the contract manufacturing marketplace include baxter and cardinal health , both based in the usa .	patheon 's competitors in the contract manufacturing marketplace includes baxter and cardinal health , both based in the usa .
the reason red links should be there is to they encourage people to start wikipedia articles on things that should exist .	the reason red links should be there are to they encourage people to start wikipedia articles on things that should exist .
the openings and main chamber , near the summit , are easily accessible via a smoothly ascending path that passes behind the hill .	the openings and main chamber , near the summit , is easily accessible via a smoothly ascending path that passes behind the hill .
users in this category indicate they have skill level n for language lojban .	users in this category indicates they have skill level n for language lojban .
other devices used in broadcast engineering are telephone hybrids , broadcast delays , and dead air alarms .	other devices used in broadcast engineering is telephone hybrids , broadcast delays , and dead air alarms .
other tools that assess motor function , balance and coordination are also highly valuable to help the therapist track the progress of their patient , as well as to quantify the patient 's functionality .	other tools that assess motor function , balance and coordination is also highly valuable to help the therapist track the progress of their patient , as well as to quantify the patient 's functionality .
cars cause a lot of problems too ( traffic jams , fatalities , dependency on oil imports ) but it seems most people in a country like the usa are willing to live with the problems .	cars causes a lot of problems too ( traffic jams , fatalities , dependency on oil imports ) but it seems most people in a country like the usa are willing to live with the problems .
the plant spans both sides of river avenue .	the plant span both sides of river avenue .
typically , these fictional depictions include exaggerated characteristics , such as enormous size or possession of abilities beyond the realm of reality , and can be viewed as a kind of artistic license .	typically , these fictional depictions includes exaggerated characteristics , such as enormous size or possession of abilities beyond the realm of reality , and can be viewed as a kind of artistic license .
a further extension of identifying weaknesses in terms of concepts is to program the student model to analyze incorrect answers .	a further extension of identifying weaknesses in terms of concepts are to program the student model to analyze incorrect answers .
all the individual titles already have articles .	all the individual titles already has articles .
comment - actually list of characters in transformers comics is only about the characters that are n't autobot or decepticon .	comment - actually list of characters in transformers comics are only about the characters that are n't autobot or decepticon .
the coins found in the purse of a woman buried in the ash include a commemorative coin that should have been minted at the end of september .	the coins found in the purse of a woman buried in the ash includes a commemorative coin that should have been minted at the end of september .
the crown and sides of head are emerald-green slightly tinged with blue , while the feathers of the back of the neck and throat and breast are yellow , broadly edged with green , giving scaly appearance .	the crown and sides of head are emerald-green slightly tinged with blue , while the feathers of the back of the neck and throat and breast is yellow , broadly edged with green , giving scaly appearance .
his theories of choreography and movement are now foundations of the modern dance .	his theories of choreography and movement is now foundations of the modern dance .
the average width of continental shelves is about .	the average width of continental shelves are about .
nominator 's rationale this is a people by location by war cat .	nominator 's rationale this are a people by location by war cat .
individuals who practice this mode of spirituality tend to hold progressive values that , supported by their spiritual practices galvanize their efforts for social change .	individuals who practice this mode of spirituality tends to hold progressive values that , supported by their spiritual practices galvanize their efforts for social change .
even some members of the black community have spoken out against the use of the n word by blacks because the wounds that word caused are still open and sore .	even some members of the black community have spoken out against the use of the n word by blacks because the wounds that word caused is still open and sore .
a baby dragon accompanies orta as she silently walks toward a range of mountains in the distance , to an unknown destiny .	a baby dragon accompany orta as she silently walks toward a range of mountains in the distance , to an unknown destiny .
by so saying , the speaker wants to inform that she is not only making an assertion but observing the maxim of quantity as well .	by so saying , the speaker want to inform that she is not only making an assertion but observing the maxim of quantity as well .
as of the census of 2000 , the two census tracts that make up the neighborhood have a population of 5 , 859 .	as of the census of 2000 , the two census tracts that make up the neighborhood has a population of 5 , 859 .
the motivations for their investment activity , however , are frequently more complex than those of other lps '' .	the motivations for their investment activity , however , is frequently more complex than those of other lps '' .
other species of interest are the ibex , the gray wolf , and the brown bear .	other species of interest is the ibex , the gray wolf , and the brown bear .
the faces on the album cover are john travolta and barbra streisand .	the faces on the album cover is john travolta and barbra streisand .
the focus on stories gives more responsibility to pr , as companies are relying more upon their public relations teams to provide a roadmap for telling their stories .	the focus on stories give more responsibility to pr , as companies are relying more upon their public relations teams to provide a roadmap for telling their stories .
dates of page creation and editing are close .	dates of page creation and editing is close .
this list of fictional robots and androids is a chronological list , categorised by medium .	this list of fictional robots and androids are a chronological list , categorised by medium .
a error in evaluating the evidence , the guidelines , the policy or the consensus are all cases of improper process , because the correct procedure for all admin actions is that admins must act reasonably .	a error in evaluating the evidence , the guidelines , the policy or the consensus is all cases of improper process , because the correct procedure for all admin actions is that admins must act reasonably .
i think the worries about waste heat from this scheme are not a pressing environmental concern .	i think the worries about waste heat from this scheme is not a pressing environmental concern .
the fact that these people play sports professionally and have been convicted of crimes is totally unrelated .	the fact that these people play sports professionally and have been convicted of crimes are totally unrelated .
the only motions in order in a committee of the whole are those to adopt a proposal for inclusion in the committee 's report ; to amend ; to `` rise and report '' ; as well as certain incidental motions and requests .	the only motions in order in a committee of the whole is those to adopt a proposal for inclusion in the committee 's report ; to amend ; to `` rise and report '' ; as well as certain incidental motions and requests .
tom says his dream is to generate so much electricity so that he can give electricity out for free .	tom says his dream are to generate so much electricity so that he can give electricity out for free .
and also , new methods of microscopy seem to give us images that at least show how atoms are arranged in space .	and also , new methods of microscopy seems to give us images that at least show how atoms are arranged in space .
benson lee grayson suggests that the fillmore administration 's ability to avoid potential problems is too often overlooked .	benson lee grayson suggests that the fillmore administration 's ability to avoid potential problems are too often overlooked .
graphics of a pinball game named balls of steel appear in duke nukem 3d itself , in the first level , `` hollywood holocaust '' , when duke encounters the table .	graphics of a pinball game named balls of steel appears in duke nukem 3d itself , in the first level , `` hollywood holocaust '' , when duke encounters the table .
in portuguese , abbreviations of the name are common , such as suffixes for diminutive and aumentative .	in portuguese , abbreviations of the name is common , such as suffixes for diminutive and aumentative .
the church is a grade 1 listed building .	the church are a grade 1 listed building .
npov ( it gives the impression that some fringe ideas like rejection of climate change are more accepted in the scientific community than they actually are ) .	npov ( it gives the impression that some fringe ideas like rejection of climate change is more accepted in the scientific community than they actually are ) .
but a lovely word , and amazingly has no google hits !	but a lovely word , and amazingly have no google hits !
since 2 january 2007 , the station is in travelcard zone 4 .	since 2 january 2007 , the station are in travelcard zone 4 .
this species is endemic to the western ghats range , the type locality for this species is streams in mahabaleshwar hills , the western ghats range , india .	this species is endemic to the western ghats range , the type locality for this species are streams in mahabaleshwar hills , the western ghats range , india .
chips delivered directly to the ( powerplant ) station by truck are less expensive than those delivered .	chips delivered directly to the ( powerplant ) station by truck is less expensive than those delivered .
as with wild things 2 , many elements of the film 's plot are similar to those of the original , including the threesome scene .	as with wild things 2 , many elements of the film 's plot is similar to those of the original , including the threesome scene .
the term `` report '' can be somewhat misleading in that reports can also be designed to modify data ; the reason why these programs are called reports is the `` list-oriented '' nature of the output they produce .	the term `` report '' can be somewhat misleading in that reports can also be designed to modify data ; the reason why these programs are called reports are the `` list-oriented '' nature of the output they produce .
patents on the chocolate plate design are still valid .	patents on the chocolate plate design is still valid .
when your registered account is four days old and you have made at least ten edits to the encyclopedia you will be able to create articles immediately .	when your registered account are four days old and you have made at least ten edits to the encyclopedia you will be able to create articles immediately .
the end of the policy acknowledges that the sexual orientation of individuals is and always has been irrelevant to their capacity to be members of the military .	the end of the policy acknowledges that the sexual orientation of individuals are and always has been irrelevant to their capacity to be members of the military .
two sections , the chapter house and the nave 's south aisle , still stand on location .	two sections , the chapter house and the nave 's south aisle , still stands on location .
interestingly , the offending word was not censored during a late-night broadcast of the film on abc in 1985 ; subsequent broadcasts of the film on network television have the word removed altogether .	interestingly , the offending word was not censored during a late-night broadcast of the film on abc in 1985 ; subsequent broadcasts of the film on network television has the word removed altogether .
the effects of dehydration are greater and happen at a lower threshold in hot environments .	the effects of dehydration is greater and happen at a lower threshold in hot environments .
the june 2009 edit seems to hit the high watermark for bad behavior ) .	the june 2009 edit seem to hit the high watermark for bad behavior ) .
fees and a state park vehicle permit apply .	fees and a state park vehicle permits apply .
according to the bangladesh copyright act of 2000 ( covered by the daily star ) , artistic recreations of public architecture and art work are exceptions to the rights of authors .	according to the bangladesh copyright act of 2000 ( covered by the daily star ) , artistic recreations of public architecture and art work is exceptions to the rights of authors .
the island reaches a height of around 20 metres above sea level , and the prominent rocky cliffs make access difficult by boat .	the island reach a height of around 20 metres above sea level , and the prominent rocky cliffs make access difficult by boat .
the main occupation of people here is agriculture as this area is highly fertile .	the main occupation of people here are agriculture as this area is highly fertile .
abuse of significant figures is a common error .	abuse of significant figures are a common error .
short brigade harvester boris for the any specifics you may still have on how the images need to look like ( as i am myself a bit confused on how the images need to look like ) .	short brigade harvester boris for the any specifics you may still have on how the images need to look like ( as i am myself a bit confused on how the images needs to look like ) .
reactions within the fuel cell produce waste gas co2 which can be vented out through these hydrophobic membranes .	reactions within the fuel cell produces waste gas co2 which can be vented out through these hydrophobic membranes .
for the same reason , the corona is clearest when the size of the droplets is most uniform .	for the same reason , the corona is clearest when the size of the droplets are most uniform .
the point of spelling corrections is so that no one is tempted to make fun of the op spelling errors .	the point of spelling corrections are so that no one is tempted to make fun of the op spelling errors .
it is currently in its 24th year , and schools all over the country often send representatives to observe and bring the program back to their own communities .	it is currently in its 24th year , and schools all over the country often sends representatives to observe and bring the program back to their own communities .
i doubt it will ever pass fac ( the complete absence of supports is significant ) .	i doubt it will ever pass fac ( the complete absence of supports are significant ) .
infection in older children , adolescents , and adults is typically mild and lasts approximately 1 week , occasionally longer .	infection in older children , adolescents , and adults are typically mild and lasts approximately 1 week , occasionally longer .
when davis hears the news , he sends hanlin and english to finish the job on gaby , and the thugs arrive at the hospital at the same time as muggs and the gang .	when davis hears the news , he sends hanlin and english to finish the job on gaby , and the thugs arrives at the hospital at the same time as muggs and the gang .
references to eastern philosophy and religion appear frequently in schopenhauer 's writing .	references to eastern philosophy and religion appears frequently in schopenhauer 's writing .
resources of mass marketing provide cost-effective marketing solutions for small and micro businesses , including start-ups .	resources of mass marketing provides cost-effective marketing solutions for small and micro businesses , including start-ups .
submitted evidence should include a link to the actual page diff , or to a short page section ; links to the page itself are not sufficient .	submitted evidence should include a link to the actual page diff , or to a short page section ; links to the page itself is not sufficient .
fields between the wood and the lodge are also the site of rare autumn crocus .	fields between the wood and the lodge is also the site of rare autumn crocus .
apparently no more up-to-date estimates on the share of the average water bill in the budget of the poor are available .	apparently no more up-to-date estimates on the share of the average water bill in the budget of the poor is available .
basically , to start , it 's going to be just manually doing a find-and-replace of text with autowikibrowser ( the links at the bottom of every article need to be fixed every week ) , as well as archiving old stories by adding a category to them .	basically , to start , it 's going to be just manually doing a find-and-replace of text with autowikibrowser ( the links at the bottom of every article needs to be fixed every week ) , as well as archiving old stories by adding a category to them .
the other two main buddhist canons in use in the present day are the chinese buddhist canon and the tibetan kangyur .	the other two main buddhist canons in use in the present day is the chinese buddhist canon and the tibetan kangyur .
the maximum dimensions of this platform karst block are east to west ( from sabana de la mar to cevicos ) by north to south ( from the samaná bay to bayaguana ) .	the maximum dimensions of this platform karst block is east to west ( from sabana de la mar to cevicos ) by north to south ( from the samaná bay to bayaguana ) .
the structure influences the creek 's flow pattern only in the event of a large runoff when a portion of very high flow is diverted into the reservoir and later released back into the creek when the water recedes .	the structure influence the creek 's flow pattern only in the event of a large runoff when a portion of very high flow is diverted into the reservoir and later released back into the creek when the water recedes .
the only things i added to that period of his life covered by the book are from the book you mandated that i incorporate .	the only things i added to that period of his life covered by the book is from the book you mandated that i incorporate .
some other kinds of fish are , on the contrary , born in salt water , but live most of or parts of their adult lives in fresh water ; for instance the eels .	some other kinds of fish is , on the contrary , born in salt water , but live most of or parts of their adult lives in fresh water ; for instance the eels .
some manufacturers that frequently use ( d ) a zero fret are gretsch , kay , selmer , höfner , mosrite , framus , vigier and bass guitar manufacturer mtd .	some manufacturers that frequently use ( d ) a zero fret is gretsch , kay , selmer , höfner , mosrite , framus , vigier and bass guitar manufacturer mtd .
also , items which appear to be a fundamental , real world topic tend to get treated more easily than where such is not the case .	also , items which appear to be a fundamental , real world topic tends to get treated more easily than where such is not the case .
sfsu ranks 18th among the top 20 undergraduate schools whose alumni go on to be admitted to the state bar ; many subsequently run for public office .	sfsu ranks 18th among the top 20 undergraduate schools whose alumni goes on to be admitted to the state bar ; many subsequently run for public office .
there has also been some criticism as to whether an increase in test scores actually corresponds to improvements in education , since test standards vary from state to state and from year to year .	there has also been some criticism as to whether an increase in test scores actually corresponds to improvements in education , since test standards varies from state to state and from year to year .
the 80 representatives at this meeting are leaders of 30 baptist organizations in the united states , canada and mexico .	the 80 representatives at this meeting is leaders of 30 baptist organizations in the united states , canada and mexico .
the legs and a patch of bare skin around the eye are red .	the legs and a patch of bare skin around the eye is red .
the soundtrack , released in 1990 , features 5 tracks with lyrics written by muthulingam and shanmugham .	the soundtrack , released in 1990 , feature 5 tracks with lyrics written by muthulingam and shanmugham .
in the second week of august each year , the town holds the broadstairs folk week music festival .	in the second week of august each year , the town hold the broadstairs folk week music festival .
horns are also frequently used as reference antennas .	horns is also frequently used as reference antennas .
roles like van driver and cashier are cool , but non-notable .	roles like van driver and cashier is cool , but non-notable .
this difference between cities , towns and villages is still in use in other portuguese speaking countries , but not in brazil .	this difference between cities , towns and villages are still in use in other portuguese speaking countries , but not in brazil .
the drums of both the main church and the church on the left have a decorative molded band that is identical in both churches , leading to the belief that the two churches are contemporaneous .	the drums of both the main church and the church on the left has a decorative molded band that is identical in both churches , leading to the belief that the two churches are contemporaneous .
the only people who have legal standing to do anything about it are the actual authors of the text in question .	the only people who have legal standing to do anything about it is the actual authors of the text in question .
probably more accurately , however , town history attributes the name to john read , an early major landholder who was a prominent lawyer in boston as well as a former congregationalist preacher who converted to anglicanism .	probably more accurately , however , town history attribute the name to john read , an early major landholder who was a prominent lawyer in boston as well as a former congregationalist preacher who converted to anglicanism .
rongo 's powers include being able to control all forms of water .	rongo 's powers includes being able to control all forms of water .
seasons 1 and 2 of the series are available to buy in the itunes store ( 360p ) in the u .	seasons 1 and 2 of the series is available to buy in the itunes store ( 360p ) in the u .
places of interest include the village church , the queen 's head pub and a mansion house known variously as dogmersfield house or dogmersfield park .	places of interest includes the village church , the queen 's head pub and a mansion house known variously as dogmersfield house or dogmersfield park .
new features include simplified application integration , improved resource harvesting , gpu support and enhanced performance and scalability .	new features includes simplified application integration , improved resource harvesting , gpu support and enhanced performance and scalability .
the cities that have grown up around the mountain are san francisco to the north , brisbane to the east , south san francisco to the south and both daly city and colma to the west .	the cities that have grown up around the mountain is san francisco to the north , brisbane to the east , south san francisco to the south and both daly city and colma to the west .
the issue of such articles is clearly something which needs more detailed discussion , and afd is probably not the best place to do this .	the issue of such articles are clearly something which needs more detailed discussion , and afd is probably not the best place to do this .
they are wingless , miniature versions of the adult and have a pale brown head and creamy white thorax .	they are wingless , miniature versions of the adult and has a pale brown head and creamy white thorax .
any animals that get injured in the actual slaughter process are permissible for sacrifice .	any animals that get injured in the actual slaughter process is permissible for sacrifice .
the two main orbital elements that are measured with respect to the plane of reference are the inclination and the longitude of the ascending node .	the two main orbital elements that are measured with respect to the plane of reference is the inclination and the longitude of the ascending node .
schools that serve the area are talbot combined school and rossmore community college for the poole half and st mark 's school for the bournemouth side ( with a number of secondary schools in the north of bournemouth ) .	schools that serve the area is talbot combined school and rossmore community college for the poole half and st mark 's school for the bournemouth side ( with a number of secondary schools in the north of bournemouth ) .
about 500 scientific papers on graft hybridization published in russia during 1950-1958 supports lysenko 's work , and several groups of scientists in recent years have demonstrated that graft-induced characteristics are stable and reliable .	about 500 scientific papers on graft hybridization published in russia during 1950-1958 supports lysenko 's work , and several groups of scientists in recent years have demonstrated that graft-induced characteristics is stable and reliable .
all other churches that have the title of a basilica are minor basilicas ( ) .	all other churches that have the title of a basilica is minor basilicas ( ) .
people with underlying lung disease are more likely to develop cap .	people with underlying lung disease is more likely to develop cap .
the entire first paragraph about his views on differences amongst humans has nothing to do with his last years the way it is worded .	the entire first paragraph about his views on differences amongst humans have nothing to do with his last years the way it is worded .
israel-lebanon conflictin response to the israeli airstrike of qana , on july 31 , vice president josé vicente rangel said , `` this murder of dozens of women and children has no justification whatsoever .	israel-lebanon conflictin response to the israeli airstrike of qana , on july 31 , vice president josé vicente rangel said , `` this murder of dozens of women and children have no justification whatsoever .
the courts place an outer-limit on liquidated damages clauses if they became so high , or `` extravagant and unconscionable '' as to look like a penalty .	the courts places an outer-limit on liquidated damages clauses if they became so high , or `` extravagant and unconscionable '' as to look like a penalty .
the first four questions ( one per category ) are worth 5 points each , and the second four are worth 10 points each .	the first four questions ( one per category ) is worth 5 points each , and the second four are worth 10 points each .
any perfect hash functions suitable for use with a hash table require at least a number of bits that is proportional to the size of s .	any perfect hash functions suitable for use with a hash table requires at least a number of bits that is proportional to the size of s .
the back and wing feathers are blackish with yellow borders , while the feathers of the belly , chest and rump are pale yellow with black borders giving rise to a scalloped appearance .	the back and wing feathers are blackish with yellow borders , while the feathers of the belly , chest and rump is pale yellow with black borders giving rise to a scalloped appearance .
thus , the two substrates of this enzyme are oxaloacetate and h2o , whereas its two products are oxalate and acetate .	thus , the two substrates of this enzyme is oxaloacetate and h2o , whereas its two products are oxalate and acetate .
thus , the story ends on a good note .	thus , the story end on a good note .
only remnants of a font and foundation remain .	only remnants of a font and foundation remains .
the goal is for ajaccio to eventually become the premier french port for cruises as well as being a main departure point .	the goal are for ajaccio to eventually become the premier french port for cruises as well as being a main departure point .
this article covers the soviet ground forces of the soviet army .	this article cover the soviet ground forces of the soviet army .
the current usage of visual arts includes fine arts as well as crafts , but this was not always the case .	the current usage of visual arts include fine arts as well as crafts , but this was not always the case .
the field names that are mentioned in the document dating back to the 16th century include frarye acre , husband acre , monck acre , le home , le deane and gostell field .	the field names that are mentioned in the document dating back to the 16th century includes frarye acre , husband acre , monck acre , le home , le deane and gostell field .
the evidence for you holding two accounts though is fairly compelling ; not conclusive of course but a check of ips should sort that out .	the evidence for you holding two accounts though are fairly compelling ; not conclusive of course but a check of ips should sort that out .
licensed to buffalo , new york , usa , the station serves the buffalo-niagara falls area .	licensed to buffalo , new york , usa , the station serve the buffalo-niagara falls area .
the technical details of the construction of the website are not relevant to the issue .	the technical details of the construction of the website is not relevant to the issue .
thorough research on specific species of reptiles is hard to come by , and often quite old if it does exist .	thorough research on specific species of reptiles are hard to come by , and often quite old if it does exist .
some models in string theory that are promising by way of realizing our familiar standard model are the perturbative heterotic string models , 11-dimensional m-theory , singular geometries ( e .	some models in string theory that are promising by way of realizing our familiar standard model is the perturbative heterotic string models , 11-dimensional m-theory , singular geometries ( e .
other topics of criticism of communist rule include foreign policies of `` expansionism '' , environmental degradation , and the suppression of free cultural expression .	other topics of criticism of communist rule includes foreign policies of `` expansionism '' , environmental degradation , and the suppression of free cultural expression .
in addition to the 21 ap course offered at christian brothers academy , the institution offers nearly ninety other courses that spread throughout the disciplines .	in addition to the 21 ap course offered at christian brothers academy , the institution offer nearly ninety other courses that spread throughout the disciplines .
concerns about cancer from low-frequency radiation are groundless .	concerns about cancer from low-frequency radiation is groundless .
the sentences in this section are kind of choppy and could benefit from a little more context .	the sentences in this section is kind of choppy and could benefit from a little more context .
in the canonical theravāda view of kamma , `` the belief that deeds done or ideas seized at the moment of death are particularly significant .	in the canonical theravāda view of kamma , `` the belief that deeds done or ideas seized at the moment of death is particularly significant .
the wind in the trees , therefore , is not about anything for which it could be true or false .	the wind in the trees , therefore , are not about anything for which it could be true or false .
other than the slide , firebird playing technique is no different from standard trumpet technique .	other than the slide , firebird playing technique are no different from standard trumpet technique .
that some subjects are also notable in secondary ways such as some of the ones you mention does not negate that the primary notability is nessessarily in relation to the game .	that some subjects is also notable in secondary ways such as some of the ones you mention does not negate that the primary notability is nessessarily in relation to the game .
i think your accusations about the way i work are unwarranted .	i think your accusations about the way i work is unwarranted .
the doors in this type of crib barn face either front or in , toward the breezeway .	the doors in this type of crib barn faces either front or in , toward the breezeway .
the byte designation follows the escape byte ( hexadecimal 1b ) .	the byte designation follow the escape byte ( hexadecimal 1b ) .
the games explore her backstory as one of the evil m .	the games explores her backstory as one of the evil m .
the tasks of the division are unique within the modern german military in that it is able to provide air mobility as well as ground based fire support , aerial defence and counter chemical , biological , radiological , and nuclear assets to all parts of the german military .	the tasks of the division is unique within the modern german military in that it is able to provide air mobility as well as ground based fire support , aerial defence and counter chemical , biological , radiological , and nuclear assets to all parts of the german military .
the distance between the ends of the horns of large bulls is more than a metre .	the distance between the ends of the horns of large bulls are more than a metre .
the reason that i started these articles ( improvised weapons and list of improvised weapons ) is because i had been researching various survival techniques .	the reason that i started these articles ( improvised weapons and list of improvised weapons ) are because i had been researching various survival techniques .
the distance between the most western and most eastern islands is about 1500 km .	the distance between the most western and most eastern islands are about 1500 km .
the occurrence of full marks scores is mainly due to the continuous development of the employed match air rifles from spring-piston type designs into single-stroke pneumatic and pre-charged pneumatic ( pcp ) designs .	the occurrence of full marks scores are mainly due to the continuous development of the employed match air rifles from spring-piston type designs into single-stroke pneumatic and pre-charged pneumatic ( pcp ) designs .
the total length of the ramparts is 2500 metres and they contain 240 , 000 cubic metres of stone .	the total length of the ramparts are 2500 metres and they contain 240 , 000 cubic metres of stone .
the authors conclude that `` the hypothesis that australia 's prohibition of certain types of firearms explains the absence of mass shootings in that country since 1996 does not appear to be supported .	the authors conclude that `` the hypothesis that australia 's prohibition of certain types of firearms explain the absence of mass shootings in that country since 1996 does not appear to be supported .
the pe facilities , dinner hall and wing are in a separate building linked by a covered walkway .	the pe facilities , dinner hall and wing is in a separate building linked by a covered walkway .
achievements that advance human understanding or ability are notable .	achievements that advance human understanding or ability is notable .
everything , political ideologies ( socialism , conservatism , liberalism , populism are my specialities ) , political parties within the uk , general elections of the uk and constituencies .	everything , political ideologies ( socialism , conservatism , liberalism , populism is my specialities ) , political parties within the uk , general elections of the uk and constituencies .
the decontamination lanes can be set up within 4 minutes ; and each lane is able to decontaminate up to 36 walking casualties or 6 lying casualties per hour .	the decontamination lanes can be set up within 4 minutes ; and each lane are able to decontaminate up to 36 walking casualties or 6 lying casualties per hour .
the new 9-1-1 system also allows for upgrades to accommodate future telephone and communications technologies .	the new 9-1-1 system also allow for upgrades to accommodate future telephone and communications technologies .
in mammals , lymphatico-venous communications other than those at the base of the neck are not easy to demonstrate , but described in some experiments .	in mammals , lymphatico-venous communications other than those at the base of the neck is not easy to demonstrate , but described in some experiments .
thus , the two substrates of this enzyme are acetyl phosphate and l-lysine , whereas its two products are phosphate and n6-acetyl-l-lysine .	thus , the two substrates of this enzyme is acetyl phosphate and l-lysine , whereas its two products are phosphate and n6-acetyl-l-lysine .
this office tower is part of denver place , a two city block mixed-use high-rise complex .	this office tower are part of denver place , a two city block mixed-use high-rise complex .
discussions of this as a viral marketing campaign are at [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] etc .	discussions of this as a viral marketing campaign is at [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] etc .
articles from the fly your stuff program are also visible in this image .	articles from the fly your stuff program is also visible in this image .
however , the signals being transmitted from this structure are relatively low-power and only cover the immediate las vegas area on a `` fill in '' or `` booster '' basis .	however , the signals being transmitted from this structure is relatively low-power and only cover the immediate las vegas area on a `` fill in '' or `` booster '' basis .
labor legislation can have a very significant impact upon union organizing , and efforts to organize the coal industry offer a good example .	labor legislation can have a very significant impact upon union organizing , and efforts to organize the coal industry offers a good example .
this similarity to primates and humans allows it to see distant objects clearly .	this similarity to primates and humans allow it to see distant objects clearly .
for example , the sale of goods act 1979 s15a provides that terms as to title , description , quality , and sample ( as described in the act ) are conditions save in certain defined circumstances .	for example , the sale of goods act 1979 s15a provides that terms as to title , description , quality , and sample ( as described in the act ) is conditions save in certain defined circumstances .
today , postmodernists question whether the notions of evolution or society have inherent meaning and whether they reveal more about the person doing the description than the thing being described .	today , postmodernists question whether the notions of evolution or society has inherent meaning and whether they reveal more about the person doing the description than the thing being described .
that way the articles that need only cleanup are on the list .	that way the articles that need only cleanup is on the list .
engine options are the rotax 503 and the rotax 582 engine .	engine options is the rotax 503 and the rotax 582 engine .
discounting pixel response non-uniformity ( prnu ) , which is not intrinsically sensor-size dependent , the noises in an image sensor are photon shot noise , read noise , and dark noise .	discounting pixel response non-uniformity ( prnu ) , which is not intrinsically sensor-size dependent , the noises in an image sensor is photon shot noise , read noise , and dark noise .
also , the implications of an illness of a world leader at 80 are very serious .	also , the implications of an illness of a world leader at 80 is very serious .
romance is always in the air as far as kathy sanborn is concerned , and her songs are reflections of those emotions which take flight when overpowered by love .	romance are always in the air as far as kathy sanborn is concerned , and her songs are reflections of those emotions which take flight when overpowered by love .
the temperature in these flames is lower because of incomplete combustion , heat loss in combustion , oxygen quantity etc .	the temperature in these flames are lower because of incomplete combustion , heat loss in combustion , oxygen quantity etc .
almost all the film 's actors are māori , many of them acting for the cinema for the first time .	almost all the film 's actors is māori , many of them acting for the cinema for the first time .
the result was delete - this does n't have any chance it will be kept , only keep is probably the author of the article signed out .	the result was delete - this does n't have any chance it will be kept , only keep are probably the author of the article signed out .
the only people currently using the term appear to be creationists looking to pretend that there is wider opposition to the evolutionary biology consensus than in fact exists .	the only people currently using the term appears to be creationists looking to pretend that there is wider opposition to the evolutionary biology consensus than in fact exists .
two commonly used poisons for rabbit control are sodium fluoroacetate ( `` 1080 '' ) and pindone .	two commonly used poisons for rabbit control is sodium fluoroacetate ( `` 1080 '' ) and pindone .
tarski 's circle-squaring problem is the challenge , posed by alfred tarski in 1925 , to take a disc in the plane , cut it into finitely many pieces , and reassemble the pieces so as to get a square of equal area .	tarski 's circle-squaring problem are the challenge , posed by alfred tarski in 1925 , to take a disc in the plane , cut it into finitely many pieces , and reassemble the pieces so as to get a square of equal area .
for example , it is sometimes claimed that the extinct hyracotherium ( an ancient horse-like animal commonly known as an eohippus ) is pseudoextinct , rather than extinct , because several species of horse , including the zebra and the donkey , are extant today .	for example , it is sometimes claimed that the extinct hyracotherium ( an ancient horse-like animal commonly known as an eohippus ) is pseudoextinct , rather than extinct , because several species of horse , including the zebra and the donkey , is extant today .
her talent agency is arts vision .	her talent agency are arts vision .
features of the font are the perfect circle of the letter o and the use of a diagonal square dot above minuscule letters i and j and for the full stop .	features of the font is the perfect circle of the letter o and the use of a diagonal square dot above minuscule letters i and j and for the full stop .
common visitors to the reef here include oriental sweetlips , white tip reef sharks and blue-lined snappers .	common visitors to the reef here includes oriental sweetlips , white tip reef sharks and blue-lined snappers .
in the lyrics , the singer compares himself in love to a bluebird .	in the lyrics , the singer compare himself in love to a bluebird .
building and removal businesses , which were to a great extent bound to the stone quarrying industry , are nevertheless still in business now .	building and removal businesses , which were to a great extent bound to the stone quarrying industry , is nevertheless still in business now .
throughout the past twenty two years , interest and enthusiasm for the conference has grown , and the number of participants has steadily and exponentially increased .	throughout the past twenty two years , interest and enthusiasm for the conference has grown , and the number of participants have steadily and exponentially increased .
the chicken is one of the zodiac symbols of the chinese calendar .	the chicken are one of the zodiac symbols of the chinese calendar .
the other way chemical searches are done is to embed a structure-drawing applet into the search page .	the other way chemical searches are done are to embed a structure-drawing applet into the search page .
it was originally known as `` the royal oak '' , and sections of the trunk of the oak tree around which it was built are visible from the tap room .	it was originally known as `` the royal oak '' , and sections of the trunk of the oak tree around which it was built is visible from the tap room .
with the exception of synthetic ununtrium , all the elements in the boron group have numerous uses and applications in the production and content of many items .	with the exception of synthetic ununtrium , all the elements in the boron group has numerous uses and applications in the production and content of many items .
alternative methods of diamond machining in practice also include diamond fly cutting and diamond milling .	alternative methods of diamond machining in practice also includes diamond fly cutting and diamond milling .
the small number of non-white students in the schools accurately reflects the racial and ethnic demographics of the community .	the small number of non-white students in the schools accurately reflect the racial and ethnic demographics of the community .
all the flower parts above ground except the corolla are glandular and are covered by fine short hairs .	all the flower parts above ground except the corolla is glandular and are covered by fine short hairs .
examples of ethnic basketball include indo-pak or russian or armenian leagues in the united states or canada , for example , or filipino expatriate basketball leagues in the gulf or the united states .	examples of ethnic basketball includes indo-pak or russian or armenian leagues in the united states or canada , for example , or filipino expatriate basketball leagues in the gulf or the united states .
other sections of the river are open to jetboats .	other sections of the river is open to jetboats .
these techniques borrow from stealth aircraft technology , although some aspects such as wake and acoustic signature reduction are unique to stealth ships ' design .	these techniques borrow from stealth aircraft technology , although some aspects such as wake and acoustic signature reduction is unique to stealth ships ' design .
therefore , the adults in the spring of the second year are the grandchildren of the brood from the previous spring .	therefore , the adults in the spring of the second year is the grandchildren of the brood from the previous spring .
other major employers in the forestry sector include abitibibowater and buchanan forest products .	other major employers in the forestry sector includes abitibibowater and buchanan forest products .
college towns , for instance , have a much higher incidence in my experience .	college towns , for instance , has a much higher incidence in my experience .
the branches of the inflorescence are somewhat lengthy .	the branches of the inflorescence is somewhat lengthy .
nap hand refers to a series of five winning points or five victories in a game or sport .	nap hand refer to a series of five winning points or five victories in a game or sport .
since it is based on a well-studied distribution with special properties , the rayleigh distribution lends itself to analysis , and the key features that affect the performance of a wireless network have analytic expressions .	since it is based on a well-studied distribution with special properties , the rayleigh distribution lends itself to analysis , and the key features that affect the performance of a wireless network has analytic expressions .
except for the connections , the three devices in the image are electrically identical , but only the leftmost two can be used as baluns .	except for the connections , the three devices in the image is electrically identical , but only the leftmost two can be used as baluns .
and , his track record on economics is good ( as the chinese and russians seem to delight in pointing out .	and , his track record on economics are good ( as the chinese and russians seem to delight in pointing out .
the most challenging balancing problem arises in application to slapp claims which do not sound ( give rise to a claim ) in tort .	the most challenging balancing problem arise in application to slapp claims which do not sound ( give rise to a claim ) in tort .
npov does not apply on the essay space , the only way to answer essays is to write a rebuttal .	npov does not apply on the essay space , the only way to answer essays are to write a rebuttal .
some examples of community service are to help in church , tutoring , hospitals , etc .	some examples of community service is to help in church , tutoring , hospitals , etc .
a variant interpretation of the three oaths has the third oath being that god would not allow the non-jewish world to `` excessively '' persecute the jews .	a variant interpretation of the three oaths have the third oath being that god would not allow the non-jewish world to `` excessively '' persecute the jews .
although these two programs have the same initiative of improving the health of bolivians , they are actually competing against each other .	although these two programs has the same initiative of improving the health of bolivians , they are actually competing against each other .
the functions of a reconstituted municipality vary by agglomeration and by municipality , but generally relate to what are called compétences de proximité , known as `` local powers '' in english .	the functions of a reconstituted municipality vary by agglomeration and by municipality , but generally relates to what are called compétences de proximité , known as `` local powers '' in english .
joseph_volpe_ ( opera_manager ) often , assertions ( other than the termination , a factual event ) for any perspective are inconclusive and speculative .	joseph_volpe_ ( opera_manager ) often , assertions ( other than the termination , a factual event ) for any perspective is inconclusive and speculative .
liquid crystal displays , the most common sort of flat panel display , cause their pixels to become lighter or darker through rotation of the polarization ( circular birefringence ) of linearly polarized light as viewed through a sheet polarizer at the screen 's surface .	liquid crystal displays , the most common sort of flat panel display , causes their pixels to become lighter or darker through rotation of the polarization ( circular birefringence ) of linearly polarized light as viewed through a sheet polarizer at the screen 's surface .
failures greatly affect a brand 's reputation .	failures greatly affects a brand 's reputation .
artists , who heard the story and playing with his name , make the relief and poem .	artists , who heard the story and playing with his name , makes the relief and poem .
marissen 's books , centered on the issue of music and religion , include the social and religious designs of j .	marissen 's books , centered on the issue of music and religion , includes the social and religious designs of j .
nearby communities include lafayette ( 12 miles southwest ) , delphi ( 6 miles north ) , buck creek ( 4 miles south ) and americus ( 3 .	nearby communities includes lafayette ( 12 miles southwest ) , delphi ( 6 miles north ) , buck creek ( 4 miles south ) and americus ( 3 .
the stadium holds 16 , 000 spectators and was reconstructed in 2001 .	the stadium hold 16 , 000 spectators and was reconstructed in 2001 .
the list needs time to grow and mature , not to be deleted .	the list need time to grow and mature , not to be deleted .
subdivisions of inorganic chemistry are organometallic chemistry , cluster chemistry and bioinorganic chemistry .	subdivisions of inorganic chemistry is organometallic chemistry , cluster chemistry and bioinorganic chemistry .
wikipedia and on school assignments , people also cite their textbooks .	wikipedia and on school assignments , people also cites their textbooks .
if the trend of rapidly increasing losses caused by hurricanes is to be reversed , a whole new philosophy of understanding , planning , and preparedness is required .	if the trend of rapidly increasing losses caused by hurricanes are to be reversed , a whole new philosophy of understanding , planning , and preparedness is required .
the values on the right are the old values of the last iterations , resulting in the new values on the left .	the values on the right is the old values of the last iterations , resulting in the new values on the left .
successful examples of this methodology include support vector machines , principal component analysis , fisher discriminant analysis and many others !	successful examples of this methodology includes support vector machines , principal component analysis , fisher discriminant analysis and many others !
in any case , well-written bots still have to check both http error codes ( for squid errors ) and api error codes ( for db connection errors , which show up as internal api errors ) .	in any case , well-written bots still has to check both http error codes ( for squid errors ) and api error codes ( for db connection errors , which show up as internal api errors ) .
other types of invisibility cloak are also possible , including ones that cloak events rather than objects .	other types of invisibility cloak is also possible , including ones that cloak events rather than objects .
a broad range of subject combinations is available to girls at gcse , a level .	a broad range of subject combinations are available to girls at gcse , a level .
key factors in the assessment are sustainability , technical quality , feasibility of the project proposals and the quality of the intercultural cooperation between the teams .	key factors in the assessment is sustainability , technical quality , feasibility of the project proposals and the quality of the intercultural cooperation between the teams .
many industries , other than the petroleum refining industry , use vacuum distillation on a much a smaller scale .	many industries , other than the petroleum refining industry , uses vacuum distillation on a much a smaller scale .
the trade is mainly in grain and livestock from the surrounding region .	the trade are mainly in grain and livestock from the surrounding region .
the castle property now owned by historic scotland , and kildrummy castle gardens , in the quarry used to excavate stone for the castle , are both open to the public .	the castle property now owned by historic scotland , and kildrummy castle gardens , in the quarry used to excavate stone for the castle , is both open to the public .
generally , under common law , a father has legal responsibility for his offspring .	generally , under common law , a father have legal responsibility for his offspring .
the graph of cook strait 's tides shows separately the high water and low water height and time , through november 2007 ; these are not measured values but instead are calculated from tidal parameters derived from years-old measurements .	the graph of cook strait 's tides show separately the high water and low water height and time , through november 2007 ; these are not measured values but instead are calculated from tidal parameters derived from years-old measurements .
films in which the aria plays a significant role in the soundtrack include the killing fields , new york stories , lobrutto , vincent ( 2008 ) .	films in which the aria plays a significant role in the soundtrack includes the killing fields , new york stories , lobrutto , vincent ( 2008 ) .
common name , but all pertinent gnews hits appear to be press releases .	common name , but all pertinent gnews hits appears to be press releases .
ideal temperatures for growth and reproduction of the pathogen are between and with growth ceasing above .	ideal temperatures for growth and reproduction of the pathogen is between and with growth ceasing above .
the problem i see is a lack of an explicit copyright license .	the problem i see are a lack of an explicit copyright license .
i think a list of people who have died of aids has a stronger claim of notability , so maybe a shift in the focus of the list rather than outright deletion is preferable .	i think a list of people who have died of aids have a stronger claim of notability , so maybe a shift in the focus of the list rather than outright deletion is preferable .
all courses are assigned two classes each , the exception being the arts course with three classes , as the number of applications for it is generally higher .	all courses are assigned two classes each , the exception being the arts course with three classes , as the number of applications for it are generally higher .
since 2009 company runs professional online network mycareer .	since 2009 company run professional online network mycareer .
while the faculty attends different churches , they are selected as dedicated christians committed to the ideals of free inquiry in the pursuit of truth and respect for all people .	while the faculty attend different churches , they are selected as dedicated christians committed to the ideals of free inquiry in the pursuit of truth and respect for all people .
the large muscles of the lower body are normally trained before the smaller muscles of the upper body , because these first exercises require more mental and physical energy .	the large muscles of the lower body are normally trained before the smaller muscles of the upper body , because these first exercises requires more mental and physical energy .
ship 's crestthe ship 's coat of arms is a reflection of the distinguished naval career of admiral robert pearce briscoe .	ship 's crestthe ship 's coat of arms are a reflection of the distinguished naval career of admiral robert pearce briscoe .
coconuts , coca , pepper , vanilla and coffee are other major cultivation .	coconuts , coca , pepper , vanilla and coffee is other major cultivation .
the only transfers that are allowed in the system without additional fare payment are between the various lines of the light rail .	the only transfers that are allowed in the system without additional fare payment is between the various lines of the light rail .
when the triptych 's wings are closed , the design of the outer panels becomes visible .	when the triptych 's wings are closed , the design of the outer panels become visible .
my vote would be that both sites remain listed as links on the canyoneering page .	my vote would be that both sites remains listed as links on the canyoneering page .
the number of items is not relevant .	the number of items are not relevant .
so the official policy is less important than the template .	so the official policy are less important than the template .
the tone of the sources is one of investigation into the underpinnings of a surprisingly lax response from news reporters in the face of unprecedentedly traumatic events .	the tone of the sources are one of investigation into the underpinnings of a surprisingly lax response from news reporters in the face of unprecedentedly traumatic events .
the singapore workforce skills qualifications ( wsq ) system is a national continuing education and training system designed for adult workers which complements the formal education system for students .	the singapore workforce skills qualifications ( wsq ) system are a national continuing education and training system designed for adult workers which complements the formal education system for students .
show that in two years one group of four people gets together at least four times .	show that in two years one group of four people get together at least four times .
the project agreements have not yet been negotiated , the project cost is not pinned down , and the interaction between costs and revenues is not yet fully tested .	the project agreements have not yet been negotiated , the project cost is not pinned down , and the interaction between costs and revenues are not yet fully tested .
whereas he holds that the concepts of good and value are logically prior to that of right , he gives right a more than instrumental significance .	whereas he holds that the concepts of good and value is logically prior to that of right , he gives right a more than instrumental significance .
contemporary reports claim that as he entered the city , a large group of people met him , shouting aloud , `` blessed is he that cometh in the name of the lord , '' and `` glory to god in the highest , on earth peace '' .	contemporary reports claims that as he entered the city , a large group of people met him , shouting aloud , `` blessed is he that cometh in the name of the lord , '' and `` glory to god in the highest , on earth peace '' .
synchronization issues and time dilation both exist , and are distinct .	synchronization issues and time dilation both exists , and are distinct .
the species in this genus are the most well-known of the parasitic catfishes also known as candiru , known for their alleged habit of entering the human urethra .	the species in this genus is the most well-known of the parasitic catfishes also known as candiru , known for their alleged habit of entering the human urethra .
some hallmarks of poorly produced flash animation are jerky natural movements ( seen in walk-cycles and gestures ) , auto-tweened character movements , lip-sync without interpolation , and abrupt changes from front to profile view .	some hallmarks of poorly produced flash animation is jerky natural movements ( seen in walk-cycles and gestures ) , auto-tweened character movements , lip-sync without interpolation , and abrupt changes from front to profile view .
these events may also be predicted from the fact that , just prior to the event , the points of intersection of l with s and t are adjacent in the vertical ordering of the intersection points .	these events may also be predicted from the fact that , just prior to the event , the points of intersection of l with s and t is adjacent in the vertical ordering of the intersection points .
two verses of guitar solo follow the two sung verses , which are then succeeded by another verse , before moving into a modified version of the `` gypsy queen '' section from the beginning of the song to end the piece .	two verses of guitar solo follows the two sung verses , which are then succeeded by another verse , before moving into a modified version of the `` gypsy queen '' section from the beginning of the song to end the piece .
the log suggests it has been deleted in large part since june 19 of last year .	the log suggest it has been deleted in large part since june 19 of last year .
ad-hoc attempts to describe pronunciation only help people who speak the same dialect as the person who wrote the description .	ad-hoc attempts to describe pronunciation only helps people who speak the same dialect as the person who wrote the description .
the magnitude and direction of the displacement in position depends upon the distance of the object from the observer and the motion of the object , and is measured at the instant at which the object 's light reaches the observer .	the magnitude and direction of the displacement in position depends upon the distance of the object from the observer and the motion of the object , and is measured at the instant at which the object 's light reach the observer .
there have been limited changes in civil service practices as a result of the csra , but advocates of greater management flexibility believe it was a step in the right direction .	there have been limited changes in civil service practices as a result of the csra , but advocates of greater management flexibility believes it was a step in the right direction .
places on board with carrying out this management plan include the towns of barrington and strafford and the city of rochester .	places on board with carrying out this management plan includes the towns of barrington and strafford and the city of rochester .
spiritualism is a religion postulating the belief that spirits of the dead residing in the spirit world have both the ability and the inclination to communicate with the living .	spiritualism is a religion postulating the belief that spirits of the dead residing in the spirit world has both the ability and the inclination to communicate with the living .
the interior has works of art by giovanni giarola , michelangelo anselmi , denis calvaert , ludovico carracci , and tommaso laureti .	the interior have works of art by giovanni giarola , michelangelo anselmi , denis calvaert , ludovico carracci , and tommaso laureti .
the major hubs of the network are and .	the major hubs of the network is and .
this technique is in fact centuries old and its ubiquity is probably the reason why the aerophor never caught on - it really was n't needed .	this technique are in fact centuries old and its ubiquity is probably the reason why the aerophor never caught on - it really was n't needed .
this configuration has greater weight and volume for the same circuits , greater capacitance and crosstalk , greater brush wear and more readily collects wear debris on its vertical axis .	this configuration have greater weight and volume for the same circuits , greater capacitance and crosstalk , greater brush wear and more readily collects wear debris on its vertical axis .
the main resources of this institution are the ones allocated by its participant regions for this purpose .	the main resources of this institution is the ones allocated by its participant regions for this purpose .
alternative versions of the game include claiming cards simply by shouting `` snap '' .	alternative versions of the game includes claiming cards simply by shouting `` snap '' .
the results this study collected are evidence that the task of mental rotation recruits visual-spatial changes that are implemented in this brain region ( irnia , egan , 1999 ) .	the results this study collected is evidence that the task of mental rotation recruits visual-spatial changes that are implemented in this brain region ( irnia , egan , 1999 ) .
deletion of numerous articles on such flimsy grounds is unacceptable .	deletion of numerous articles on such flimsy grounds are unacceptable .
as the years pass , the princely states merge into the indian republic , and the great-great-grandson of raja harimansingh , thakur ranvir singh ( veteran actor pradeep kumar , known for his royal roles ) , now resides in the city .	as the years pass , the princely states merges into the indian republic , and the great-great-grandson of raja harimansingh , thakur ranvir singh ( veteran actor pradeep kumar , known for his royal roles ) , now resides in the city .
the criteria for inclusion in this category are that both a person 's acting and a person 's political career would meet wikipedia 's notability criteria independently .	the criteria for inclusion in this category is that both a person 's acting and a person 's political career would meet wikipedia 's notability criteria independently .
services such as garbage collection and sewage processing are the responsibility of the area 's lessee .	services such as garbage collection and sewage processing is the responsibility of the area 's lessee .
the eye has a dark brown iris and catlike vertical pupil , unique for a bird .	the eye have a dark brown iris and catlike vertical pupil , unique for a bird .
the final three races of the season are all shared with the world series by renault .	the final three races of the season is all shared with the world series by renault .
the statute that congress enacted actually applies only in federal courts .	the statute that congress enacted actually apply only in federal courts .
both the first and second stories appear to be adorned with solomonic columns , but the columns on the second floor are really smooth helixes .	both the first and second stories appear to be adorned with solomonic columns , but the columns on the second floor is really smooth helixes .
this ensures that dogs who might have an advantage on a particular course because of their size ( larger or smaller ) keep the advantage to a minimum .	this ensures that dogs who might have an advantage on a particular course because of their size ( larger or smaller ) keeps the advantage to a minimum .
due to bioaccumulation and biomagnification , the species at the top of the trophic pyramid are most vulnerable to dioxin-like compounds .	due to bioaccumulation and biomagnification , the species at the top of the trophic pyramid is most vulnerable to dioxin-like compounds .
this album-related article is a stub .	this album-related article are a stub .
travel between realities is possible through the pink time-dimension portal in the caves below cumberland , though it is extremely unstable , making it ineffectual to use for travel .	travel between realities are possible through the pink time-dimension portal in the caves below cumberland , though it is extremely unstable , making it ineffectual to use for travel .
crimes in the courthouse that warranted a sentence of transportation include `` stealing 2 caps '' , `` stealing a handkerchief and blankets '' and `` stealing 5 chickens and 2 hens '' .	crimes in the courthouse that warranted a sentence of transportation includes `` stealing 2 caps '' , `` stealing a handkerchief and blankets '' and `` stealing 5 chickens and 2 hens '' .
fans of the show often speculate on whether jenny would have ended up dating sheldon or brad .	fans of the show often speculates on whether jenny would have ended up dating sheldon or brad .
while the motives for such an action are unknown , it would require minimal energy use on the part of the extraterrestrials .	while the motives for such an action is unknown , it would require minimal energy use on the part of the extraterrestrials .
other common surnames of the area include burns , cameron , carde , carr , cooke , corbett , dickie , faulkner , fletcher , gilbert , grue , jordan , lawson , mcintosh , rushton , rutherford , smith , taggart , taylor , thompson , and welch .	other common surnames of the area includes burns , cameron , carde , carr , cooke , corbett , dickie , faulkner , fletcher , gilbert , grue , jordan , lawson , mcintosh , rushton , rutherford , smith , taggart , taylor , thompson , and welch .
the mechanisms of increased sympathetic nervous system activity in hypertension are complex and involve alterations in baroreflex and chemoreflex pathways at both peripheral and central levels .	the mechanisms of increased sympathetic nervous system activity in hypertension is complex and involve alterations in baroreflex and chemoreflex pathways at both peripheral and central levels .
as the bout was misrepresented as a title bout to both the nzpba and boxer chitsaz ( who traveled from california to new zealand only for a 12 round wpbf title bout ) , the circumstances and outcome of the bout are currently under appeal and review by mr .	as the bout was misrepresented as a title bout to both the nzpba and boxer chitsaz ( who traveled from california to new zealand only for a 12 round wpbf title bout ) , the circumstances and outcome of the bout is currently under appeal and review by mr .
kill pill technology is most commonly used to disable lost or stolen devices for security purposes , but can also be used for the enforcement of rules and contractual obligations .	kill pill technology are most commonly used to disable lost or stolen devices for security purposes , but can also be used for the enforcement of rules and contractual obligations .
fruits near the center of the flower head are rough , while those growing along the edges of the head are smooth .	fruits near the center of the flower head is rough , while those growing along the edges of the head are smooth .
for me to answer the question would require that i refute your faulty premises and so forth to demonstrate that the beliefs are in fact not faulty , and wp is not a place for political advocacy .	for me to answer the question would require that i refute your faulty premises and so forth to demonstrate that the beliefs is in fact not faulty , and wp is not a place for political advocacy .
we have seen already that the number of light edges that can become preferred is at most log n .	we have seen already that the number of light edges that can become preferred are at most log n .
any sequence of key presses is valid input , including letters , numbers , keys used in conjunction with shift , alt , and control , f keys , cursor movement , remapped keys , and even other keys programmed with macros .	any sequence of key presses are valid input , including letters , numbers , keys used in conjunction with shift , alt , and control , f keys , cursor movement , remapped keys , and even other keys programmed with macros .
personally , i think most celebrity interviews are unreliable , and porn stars ' moreso .	personally , i think most celebrity interviews is unreliable , and porn stars ' moreso .
typically only all-aspect infra-red homing missiles are able perform head-on engagements .	typically only all-aspect infra-red homing missiles is able perform head-on engagements .
in order reduce the load on the host port , the cable has two usb plugs on the end , intended for connecting in two usb-ports simultaneously to share the load .	in order reduce the load on the host port , the cable have two usb plugs on the end , intended for connecting in two usb-ports simultaneously to share the load .
all numbers , including x and y , are positive integers .	all numbers , including x and y , is positive integers .
the easter bowl , however , was abandoned in the early '80s , and the traditional services and animal parade are no longer held .	the easter bowl , however , was abandoned in the early '80s , and the traditional services and animal parade is no longer held .
the simplest and most accurate method for distinguishing between the two trees is the generally three-lobed leaves of the black maple versus the generally five-lobed leaves of the sugar maple .	the simplest and most accurate method for distinguishing between the two trees are the generally three-lobed leaves of the black maple versus the generally five-lobed leaves of the sugar maple .
more details on the trading estate are available on the segro website .	more details on the trading estate is available on the segro website .
the members of indie rock band the cribs are originally from netherton .	the members of indie rock bands the cribs are originally from netherton .
people who stress over population growth often want to restrict someone else 's freedom .	people who stress over population growth often wants to restrict someone else 's freedom .
the lettering of all names , months and the ecclesiastes verse is the same lettering used for official government stone grave markers throughout the nation , including arlington national cemetery .	the lettering of all names , months and the ecclesiastes verse are the same lettering used for official government stone grave markers throughout the nation , including arlington national cemetery .
villages in the area of the former municipality include valsøyfjord , valsøybotnen , hjellnes , and engan .	villages in the area of the former municipality includes valsøyfjord , valsøybotnen , hjellnes , and engan .
a noun phrase functions within a clause or sentence in a role such as that of subject , object , or complement of a verb or preposition .	a noun phrase functions within a clause or sentence in a role such as that of subject , objects , or complement of a verb or preposition .
comment , by the statistics quoted above , it follows that only one australian in 100 , 000 becomes a member ( am ) of the order of australia .	comment , by the statistics quoted above , it follow that only one australian in 100 , 000 becomes a member ( am ) of the order of australia .
drugs with low protein binding are less likely to displace other protein bound drugs , and therefore have a lower potential to cause protein binding-related drug interactions .	drugs with low protein binding is less likely to displace other protein bound drugs , and therefore have a lower potential to cause protein binding-related drug interactions .
that said , currently the guideline for albums is the general notability guidelines , which means that a charted album can make a band notable but not the album itself .	that said , currently the guideline for albums are the general notability guidelines , which means that a charted album can make a band notable but not the album itself .
the fact that the first votes are keep is not a valid reason for speedy keep .	the fact that the first votes are keep are not a valid reason for speedy keep .
a celebration at local clubs , or stadiums is a well-known community culture .	a celebration at local clubs , or stadiums are a well-known community culture .
but the fields of grain , the rye and wheat exceed all description .	but the fields of grain , the rye and wheat exceeds all description .
many aspects of the plant 's ecology and conservation are unknown .	many aspects of the plant 's ecology and conservation is unknown .
while the hand action anticipates the continued opening ( or closing ) of the pliers , visual judgments of the object 's final handle position consistently underestimate the opening , indicating that the relationship between visual judgments and subsequent physical acts is not straightforward .	while the hand action anticipates the continued opening ( or closing ) of the pliers , visual judgments of the object 's final handle position consistently underestimate the opening , indicating that the relationship between visual judgments and subsequent physical acts are not straightforward .
it is believed the school no longer exists ; its location was one mile ( 1 .	it is believed the school no longer exist ; its location was one mile ( 1 .
the flat rotation curve serves as an intermediate step between the two rotation curves , and in fact gives the most reasonable oort constants as compared to current measurements .	the flat rotation curve serve as an intermediate step between the two rotation curves , and in fact gives the most reasonable oort constants as compared to current measurements .
these fundamental differences in thinking are perhaps more to do with the differences in the eras the two philosophers lived in .	these fundamental differences in thinking is perhaps more to do with the differences in the eras the two philosophers lived in .
furthermore , the need to coordinate entities that are in different organizational hierarchies generally causes a great deal of informal bargaining and consensus building .	furthermore , the need to coordinate entities that are in different organizational hierarchies generally cause a great deal of informal bargaining and consensus building .
the university places a heavy emphasis on agricultural studies .	the university place a heavy emphasis on agricultural studies .
the article just says that the rapes by the pakistani troops stopped when india stepped in .	the article just say that the rapes by the pakistani troops stopped when india stepped in .
the arts and musicology are the experimental specialities of ministry of education , the chinese language and literature is the famous speciality in colleges and universities of hubei province .	the arts and musicology is the experimental specialities of ministry of education , the chinese language and literature is the famous speciality in colleges and universities of hubei province .
the guardian 's analysis of the emails suggests that the hacker had filtered them .	the guardian 's analysis of the emails suggest that the hacker had filtered them .
as i said previously , a big fraction of the readers of the articles is and will be genealogy seekers .	as i said previously , a big fraction of the readers of the articles are and will be genealogy seekers .
in the case of multiple simultaneous wars , the battle between the highest cards takes precedent and the other battle is void .	in the case of multiple simultaneous wars , the battle between the highest cards take precedent and the other battle is void .
buses that run through the junction include routes 18 , 112 , pr2 and n18 .	buses that run through the junction includes routes 18 , 112 , pr2 and n18 .
material covering uses in notable works is not indiscriminate .	material covering uses in notable works are not indiscriminate .
of note , the negotiations that occur as a consequence of this particular form of marketing are often far more rigorous than those associated with conventional marketing ; as such , it is difficult to adequately satisfy both partiesin an equitable manner .	of note , the negotiations that occur as a consequence of this particular form of marketing is often far more rigorous than those associated with conventional marketing ; as such , it is difficult to adequately satisfy both partiesin an equitable manner .
several interesting paths begin from intragna itself .	several interesting paths begins from intragna itself .
most fugues are monothematic and most pieces in sonata form are polythematic ( randel 2002 , 429 ) .	most fugues are monothematic and most pieces in sonata form is polythematic ( randel 2002 , 429 ) .
the task descriptions for the participant are short direct statements .	the task descriptions for the participant is short direct statements .
the different species all have the same general physical characteristics and senses that allow them to adapt to situations that threaten their survival .	the different species all has the same general physical characteristics and senses that allow them to adapt to situations that threaten their survival .
the exercise of the above powers is a matter of continuing debate .	the exercise of the above powers are a matter of continuing debate .
various social and political perspectives concerning globalization , such as dependency theory , suggest that these effects are due to the change of workers to the third world .	various social and political perspectives concerning globalization , such as dependency theory , suggests that these effects are due to the change of workers to the third world .
when detectives learn that his fellow officers delayed coming to his aid because he was gay , the district attorney 's office prosecutes three of them for his death .	when detectives learns that his fellow officers delayed coming to his aid because he was gay , the district attorney 's office prosecutes three of them for his death .
the submarine in which the prisoners escape is similar in appearance to that in the 1968 movie yellow submarine , which was co-produced by king features syndicate .	the submarine in which the prisoners escape are similar in appearance to that in the 1968 movie yellow submarine , which was co-produced by king features syndicate .
in addition , company growth rates that are much higher than the economy 's growth rate are unstable and vulnerable to any problems the company may face that would prevent it from keeping its current rate .	in addition , company growth rates that are much higher than the economy 's growth rate is unstable and vulnerable to any problems the company may face that would prevent it from keeping its current rate .
fewer than 30 , 000 south koreans are thought to be muslims , but the country has some 100 , 000 resident foreign workers from muslim countries , bangladesh and pakistan .	fewer than 30 , 000 south koreans are thought to be muslims , but the country have some 100 , 000 resident foreign workers from muslim countries , bangladesh and pakistan .
the station features a mural composed of tile as a work of public art entitled encuentros fugaces by the artist susana espinosa .	the station feature a mural composed of tile as a work of public art entitled encuentros fugaces by the artist susana espinosa .
the reasons for negative criticism are here , as often elsewhere , more diverse than the reasons for praise -- a version of the anna karenina principle applies .	the reasons for negative criticism is here , as often elsewhere , more diverse than the reasons for praise -- a version of the anna karenina principle applies .
proponents of the approach contend that many quality problems can be predicted and rectified during the early design stages and at a much reduced cost .	proponents of the approach contends that many quality problems can be predicted and rectified during the early design stages and at a much reduced cost .
occasions for this type of performance are bachelor parties and birthdays in the club among others .	occasions for this type of performance is bachelor parties and birthdays in the club among others .
the comments on your talk page when i responded to your attack are obviously more than enough .	the comments on your talk page when i responded to your attack is obviously more than enough .
his grandfather was multi-instrumentalist joe defrancesco , of italian descent ; his father is hammond b3 player `` papa '' john defrancesco , who took his son to jazz clubs from the age of seven .	his grandfather was multi-instrumentalist joe defrancesco , of italian descent ; his father are hammond b3 player `` papa '' john defrancesco , who took his son to jazz clubs from the age of seven .
while there are alleged non-physical differences between men and women , major reviews of the academic literature on gender difference find only a tiny minority of characteristics where there are consistent psychological differences between men and women , and these relate directly to experiences grounded in biological difference .	while there are alleged non-physical differences between men and women , major reviews of the academic literature on gender difference finds only a tiny minority of characteristics where there are consistent psychological differences between men and women , and these relate directly to experiences grounded in biological difference .
this kind of references is like references to newspapers writing the players of a football team in any division .	this kind of references are like references to newspapers writing the players of a football team in any division .
also , thomas shows that bills of impeachment of a president or vice-president are comparatively rare .	also , thomas shows that bills of impeachment of a president or vice-president is comparatively rare .
why , oh why , did i do that , especially when my chances of identifying anybody in porn are less than .	why , oh why , did i do that , especially when my chances of identifying anybody in porn is less than .
main characters that appear both in a show and as a toy that we can hold in the real world are indeed notable .	main characters that appear both in a show and as a toy that we can hold in the real world is indeed notable .
estimates of the volume increase due to ocean warming give a rate of about 0 .	estimates of the volume increase due to ocean warming gives a rate of about 0 .
his over 50 research publications , mainly on work performed during his time at the survey , are mainly about precambrian and palaeozoic formations in wales , as well as of the lake district .	his over 50 research publications , mainly on work performed during his time at the survey , is mainly about precambrian and palaeozoic formations in wales , as well as of the lake district .
two relevant visual areas for motion processing are v5 and v1 .	two relevant visual areas for motion processing is v5 and v1 .
however , the distribution of men and women in specific careers is not nearly as balanced .	however , the distribution of men and women in specific careers are not nearly as balanced .
the lonely planet guides for example are quite thorough on many aspects of the country , pretty accurate , usually up to date , compact , and fairly cheap .	the lonely planet guides for example is quite thorough on many aspects of the country , pretty accurate , usually up to date , compact , and fairly cheap .
and , the amount of templates that have fu images is very , very small and one just has to look at the commons or google to find a pd image .	and , the amount of templates that have fu images are very , very small and one just has to look at the commons or google to find a pd image .
only recent advances in computer and hardware technology allow artists to scan and print their work in very high and detailed quality .	only recent advances in computer and hardware technology allows artists to scan and print their work in very high and detailed quality .
items on the index include pornography , graphic media which glorify war and violence , materials considered to be anti-constitutional ( such as the writings of the red army faction ) , and material likely or intended to induce hate .	items on the index includes pornography , graphic media which glorify war and violence , materials considered to be anti-constitutional ( such as the writings of the red army faction ) , and material likely or intended to induce hate .
the difference in the velocities of the two peaks is equal to twice the velocity with which the shell of gas and dust given off by the star is expanding .	the difference in the velocities of the two peaks are equal to twice the velocity with which the shell of gas and dust given off by the star is expanding .
formation of these structures begins with a swelling of the neural tube in a pattern specified by hox genes .	formation of these structures begin with a swelling of the neural tube in a pattern specified by hox genes .
sudden changes in elimination during lung or heart surgery usually imply important changes in cardiorespiratory function .	sudden changes in elimination during lung or heart surgery usually implies important changes in cardiorespiratory function .
the other comments you put up in what can only be an attempt to obscure the argument are similarly irrelevant non sequiturs .	the other comments you put up in what can only be an attempt to obscure the argument is similarly irrelevant non sequiturs .
johanna can not prevent him - her money is legally his , not hers .	johanna can not prevent him - her money are legally his , not hers .
the two versions of the cover art are from a friend of the band members from brighton , jon bergman , who they asked to do some art and , in turn , he sent them `` pictures of cats and other weird things '' .	the two versions of the cover art is from a friend of the band members from brighton , jon bergman , who they asked to do some art and , in turn , he sent them `` pictures of cats and other weird things '' .
support at this point in my interaction with admins , i think the most important qualities are empathy , deliberateness , thoughtfulness and a lack of recklessness and pettiness .	support at this point in my interaction with admins , i think the most important qualities is empathy , deliberateness , thoughtfulness and a lack of recklessness and pettiness .
carbonyl-containing solvents , such as acetone and ethyl acetate , are also incompatible with the reagent .	carbonyl-containing solvents , such as acetone and ethyl acetate , is also incompatible with the reagent .
conversely , the decisions on many a memorandum , petition , or request submitted to the sultan are unknown .	conversely , the decisions on many a memorandum , petition , or request submitted to the sultan is unknown .
a few active berths specializing in break bulk cargo remain alongside the islais creek channel .	a few active berths specializing in break bulk cargo remains alongside the islais creek channel .
to put it simply , the original justification for confusing the ethnicities of the two nations is pure and simple racism .	to put it simply , the original justification for confusing the ethnicities of the two nations are pure and simple racism .
and incidentally , a lot of the debate here has revolved around a misunderstanding of how policy applies to the addition of this material .	and incidentally , a lot of the debate here has revolved around a misunderstanding of how policy apply to the addition of this material .
the main reason that indigenous languages and cultures have been able to survive here is the rugged terrain , which isolate communities .	the main reason that indigenous languages and cultures have been able to survive here are the rugged terrain , which isolate communities .
other then some blogish references in discussion about an open source version there are no reliable reference to the 1980 's version of the game .	other then some blogish references in discussion about an open source version there is no reliable reference to the 1980 's version of the game .
a guide to recognizing your saints is a 2006 american drama film based on a 2001 memoir of the same name by author , director , and musician dito montiel , which describes his youth in astoria , new york during the 1980s .	a guide to recognizing your saints are a 2006 american drama film based on a 2001 memoir of the same name by author , director , and musician dito montiel , which describes his youth in astoria , new york during the 1980s .
the overall score of wins for the last 15 years is 12-3 , with enterprise in the lead .	the overall score of wins for the last 15 years are 12-3 , with enterprise in the lead .
or-based personal observations based off of someone watching the trailer , as far as i can tell , since there are no sources provided for that part .	or-based personal observations based off of someone watching the trailer , as far as i can tell , since there is no sources provided for that part .
the first and third sections of the book are about martin 's journey , in which he travels from redwall abbey to the far northwest of the continent .	the first and third sections of the book is about martin 's journey , in which he travels from redwall abbey to the far northwest of the continent .
the town is part of the country basque province of cize of lower navarre .	the town are part of the country basque province of cize of lower navarre .
although hostility between the two countries remains largely a product of cold war politics , there were earlier conflicts and animosity between the u .	although hostility between the two countries remain largely a product of cold war politics , there were earlier conflicts and animosity between the u .
the concern over shielding editors against negative comments about their edits seems misplaced here .	the concern over shielding editors against negative comments about their edits seem misplaced here .
methods of refuse disposal include burning , dust bins , rubbish pits , random littering and , mainly for organic waste , integrating into garden and composite pits .	methods of refuse disposal includes burning , dust bins , rubbish pits , random littering and , mainly for organic waste , integrating into garden and composite pits .
a walking path surrounds the pond and runs through the woods down to the falls .	a walking path surround the pond and runs through the woods down to the falls .
the company has 45 offices worldwide and distribution points in 140 counties .	the company have 45 offices worldwide and distribution points in 140 counties .
a particular problem with electrolytic capacitors is storage time .	a particular problem with electrolytic capacitors are storage time .
the list of supporters also gives me confidence .	the list of supporters also give me confidence .
the section breaks , air switches , and paralleling stations between the substation and the terminating switching station comprise an electrical section .	the section breaks , air switches , and paralleling stations between the substation and the terminating switching station comprises an electrical section .
the normal clutch is four spherical whitish eggs .	the normal clutch are four spherical whitish eggs .
the band has a registered population of 40 , 25 of whom live on one of the band 's reserves .	the band have a registered population of 40 , 25 of whom live on one of the band 's reserves .
questions concerning the effectiveness of the method appear to arise around specific claims of recovery from autism , based on the intervention .	questions concerning the effectiveness of the method appears to arise around specific claims of recovery from autism , based on the intervention .
her order never had more than thirty professed sisters , causing her to lament in 1906 that `` responses to the call of the life of a sister are still very rare in australia .	her order never had more than thirty professed sisters , causing her to lament in 1906 that `` responses to the call of the life of a sister is still very rare in australia .
he ( or she ) is not expected to decide the issue , just to judge the result of the debate , and is expected to know policy sufficiently enough to know what arguments are to be excluded as irrelevant .	he ( or she ) is not expected to decide the issue , just to judge the result of the debate , and is expected to know policy sufficiently enough to know what arguments is to be excluded as irrelevant .
the flowers and fruit in the centre light represent the tree of jesse .	the flowers and fruit in the centre light represents the tree of jesse .
anderson argues that the main causes of nationalism and the creation of an imagined community are the reduction of privileged access to particular script languages ( e .	anderson argues that the main causes of nationalism and the creation of an imagined community is the reduction of privileged access to particular script languages ( e .
his heart is in the right place and i think he would make a good admin .	his heart are in the right place and i think he would make a good admin .
their schedule usually has about 50 feature-length dramas and documentaries , and more than 100 short films programmed into packages that include sobeys lunchbox shorts .	their schedule usually have about 50 feature-length dramas and documentaries , and more than 100 short films programmed into packages that include sobeys lunchbox shorts .
nfl practitioners of the playoff beard include ben roethlisberger and brett keisel ( both of the pittsburgh steelers ) and former denver broncos quarterback jake plummer .	nfl practitioners of the playoff beard includes ben roethlisberger and brett keisel ( both of the pittsburgh steelers ) and former denver broncos quarterback jake plummer .
employers who pay the state unemployment tax on a timely basis receive an offset credit of up to 5 .	employers who pay the state unemployment tax on a timely basis receives an offset credit of up to 5 .
semi-solid mesodermal tissues between the gut and body wall hold their organs in place .	semi-solid mesodermal tissues between the gut and body wall holds their organs in place .
their journey back to france is compromised when morovich puts woody and harry out of commission and krokov 's men recover natalia before retreating to their headquarters in monte carlo .	their journey back to france is compromised when morovich puts woody and harry out of commission and krokov 's men recovers natalia before retreating to their headquarters in monte carlo .
however , voting is for advisory purposes only , ballots are destroyed promptly after they are counted and the elder committee is free to select whomever they wish .	however , voting is for advisory purposes only , ballots are destroyed promptly after they are counted and the elder committee are free to select whomever they wish .
support having both flags and coats of arms clearly indicates that the area in question is apparently disputed , which is the npov information we want to get across .	support having both flags and coats of arms clearly indicate that the area in question is apparently disputed , which is the npov information we want to get across .
this book of narratives and photographs from disposable cameras gives voice to the young and courageous women of cfk 's binti pamoja ( daughters united ) center .	this book of narratives and photographs from disposable cameras give voice to the young and courageous women of cfk 's binti pamoja ( daughters united ) center .
sections of the garden include water elements , plants and trees , mastabas of various heights , arbors , sand hills , gardens , and sites representing historical periods .	sections of the garden includes water elements , plants and trees , mastabas of various heights , arbors , sand hills , gardens , and sites representing historical periods .
when three balloons of the same colour match up , they disappear .	when three balloons of the same colour match up , they disappears .
more recent publications show that the necessary input for creating biofuels is significantly less than the cost of producing gasoline in terms of the use of petroleum-based technologies ( tractors , refineries , etc .	more recent publications shows that the necessary input for creating biofuels is significantly less than the cost of producing gasoline in terms of the use of petroleum-based technologies ( tractors , refineries , etc .
some have suggested that this story is an invention , arising from the `` enigmatic '' verse in the book of numbers that states `` miriam and aaron spoke against moses because of the cushite woman whom he had married '' .	some have suggested that this story are an invention , arising from the `` enigmatic '' verse in the book of numbers that states `` miriam and aaron spoke against moses because of the cushite woman whom he had married '' .
its main industries other than service and commerce are agriculture , oil and , until international paper closed the mill in march 2009 , paper manufacture .	its main industries other than service and commerce is agriculture , oil and , until international paper closed the mill in march 2009 , paper manufacture .
the coaches of the first season are raffaella carrà , riccardo cocciante , noemi and piero pelù .	the coaches of the first season is raffaella carrà , riccardo cocciante , noemi and piero pelù .
in addition , each building includes an interior , silent core called a `` brahmasthan '' , a perimeter boundary called a `` vastu fence '' and a gold-colored roof fixture called a `` kalash '' .	in addition , each building include an interior , silent core called a `` brahmasthan '' , a perimeter boundary called a `` vastu fence '' and a gold-colored roof fixture called a `` kalash '' .
soluble fluoride salts , of which sodium fluoride is the most common , are only mildly toxic , although they have resulted in both accidental and suicidal deaths from acute poisoning .	soluble fluoride salts , of which sodium fluoride is the most common , is only mildly toxic , although they have resulted in both accidental and suicidal deaths from acute poisoning .
the west wall has , near its northern end , a blocked late-14th-century doorway ; and at the southern end the weather stones of the early aisle roof remain .	the west wall has , near its northern end , a blocked late-14th-century doorway ; and at the southern end the weather stones of the early aisle roof remains .
metals such as stainless steel , chrome and aluminium cause a bright penetrating sound and are mostly used with electric guitars , among others for rock music .	metals such as stainless steel , chrome and aluminium causes a bright penetrating sound and are mostly used with electric guitars , among others for rock music .
areas of responsibility of the district council include local planning , building control , council housing , refuse collection , recycling , and some leisure services and parks .	areas of responsibility of the district council includes local planning , building control , council housing , refuse collection , recycling , and some leisure services and parks .
individuals that are already certified to teach or have extensive coursework in education are not eligible for the fellowship and should visit [ 1 ] , to learn about other pathways to becoming a nyc public school teacher .	individuals that are already certified to teach or have extensive coursework in education is not eligible for the fellowship and should visit [ 1 ] , to learn about other pathways to becoming a nyc public school teacher .
i agree with enric , i think its especially ironic that the people wanting to restore an article on a technicality are the people complaining about an abuse of process .	i agree with enric , i think its especially ironic that the people wanting to restore an article on a technicality is the people complaining about an abuse of process .
coal deposits , which form a major part of the infrastructure , are very unevenly distributed within different regions of india .	coal deposits , which form a major part of the infrastructure , is very unevenly distributed within different regions of india .
the other editing tags about style and tone also look justified .	the other editing tags about style and tone also looks justified .
the route has another trumpet interchange with sr 200 after leaving the arcata city limits and crossing the mad river .	the route have another trumpet interchange with sr 200 after leaving the arcata city limits and crossing the mad river .
physio-chemical changes taking place at the stage of adolescence have their far reaching effect on the later psycho- physical development of the boys and girls .	physio-chemical changes taking place at the stage of adolescence has their far reaching effect on the later psycho- physical development of the boys and girls .
biographies in the body of the school article are not more relevant than having aircraft description in the middle of the description for boeing .	biographies in the body of the school article is not more relevant than having aircraft description in the middle of the description for boeing .
modern variants of the name are kameron , and kamron .	modern variants of the name is kameron , and kamron .
the fact that people on both sides of many disputes agree on this means that he really must be neutral .	the fact that people on both sides of many disputes agree on this mean that he really must be neutral .
aside from elvis presley , notable examples throughout music history include dave brubeck , eric clapton , and eminem .	aside from elvis presley , notable examples throughout music history includes dave brubeck , eric clapton , and eminem .
futher down , the copy is sometimes self-referencing , and is riddled with parentheses .	futher down , the copy are sometimes self-referencing , and is riddled with parentheses .
these musicians include hobson and chambers , as well as bassists andy rourke , tom kelly and david paton , and drummers jimmy copley and j .	these musicians includes hobson and chambers , as well as bassists andy rourke , tom kelly and david paton , and drummers jimmy copley and j .
suggest adding the f-4 cat as well ; the lone user in both groups is also in the aviation cat .	suggest adding the f-4 cat as well ; the lone user in both groups are also in the aviation cat .
all due respect to people with horses in the race like nableezy , when the material is notable , there are clearly normative sources rather than this fringe political group .	all due respect to people with horses in the race like nableezy , when the material are notable , there are clearly normative sources rather than this fringe political group .
the visible soft parts of the animal are a very unusual strong dark blue , mixed with grey .	the visible soft parts of the animal is a very unusual strong dark blue , mixed with grey .
the need for truly reliable sources is especially apparent in this age of blogging , and the ability to sort fact from junk has been a necessity .	the need for truly reliable sources are especially apparent in this age of blogging , and the ability to sort fact from junk has been a necessity .
many leisure sailors even today prefer hammocks over bunks because of better comfort in sleep while on the high seas .	many leisure sailors even today prefers hammocks over bunks because of better comfort in sleep while on the high seas .
because the climate in graubünden is too cold for nut trees to thrive , the origin of nuts in their pastries is subject to some debate .	because the climate in graubünden is too cold for nut trees to thrive , the origin of nuts in their pastries are subject to some debate .
the tasks where the cerebellum most clearly comes into play are those in which it is necessary to make fine adjustments to the way an action is performed .	the tasks where the cerebellum most clearly comes into play is those in which it is necessary to make fine adjustments to the way an action is performed .
other drivers of productivity growth include effective supervision and job satisfaction .	other drivers of productivity growth includes effective supervision and job satisfaction .
the third film follows damien as an adult , now head of his uncle 's industry , trying to find the reborn christ .	the third film follow damien as an adult , now head of his uncle 's industry , trying to find the reborn christ .
rarely , women who have low estrogen ( genetically , for example , see aromatase ; or otherwise ) will have a spectrum of problems and breast size is not likely to be their main concern .	rarely , women who have low estrogen ( genetically , for example , sees aromatase ; or otherwise ) will have a spectrum of problems and breast size is not likely to be their main concern .
candidates who have just passed class 7th and are studying in class 8th are also eligible .	candidates who have just passed class 7th and are studying in class 8th is also eligible .
maxwell 's equations for electromagnetism describe the propagation of an electromagnetic wave as an oscillation between an electrical component and a magnetic component .	maxwell 's equations for electromagnetism describes the propagation of an electromagnetic wave as an oscillation between an electrical component and a magnetic component .
the five flows which erupted from the new vent during the period from 1953 to 1963 are olivine-bearing , two pyroxene , high-silica andesite .	the five flows which erupted from the new vent during the period from 1953 to 1963 is olivine-bearing , two pyroxene , high-silica andesite .
throughout most of its range , adults are nearly uniform in color and pattern .	throughout most of its range , adults is nearly uniform in color and pattern .
before that period armies lacked the organization to deploy permanent units , so that orders of battle usually consist in an enumeration of leaders with commands .	before that period armies lacked the organization to deploy permanent units , so that orders of battle usually consists in an enumeration of leaders with commands .
this group is just a hack added to bypass the autoconfirmed right .	this group are just a hack added to bypass the autoconfirmed right .
as perceptions of nationalism change so do those areas of history that are driven by such ideas .	as perceptions of nationalism change so does those areas of history that are driven by such ideas .
opportunities provided at the school include entering competitions in writing , public speaking , debating , art , drama , the sciences , mathematics , problem solving and mock trials .	opportunities provided at the school includes entering competitions in writing , public speaking , debating , art , drama , the sciences , mathematics , problem solving and mock trials .
past performers on the beer garden stage include jim bryson and amanda rheaume .	past performers on the beer garden stage includes jim bryson and amanda rheaume .
myomatous erythrocytosis syndrome describes an excessive erythrocyte ( red blood cells ) production , occurring in about 0 .	myomatous erythrocytosis syndrome describe an excessive erythrocyte ( red blood cells ) production , occurring in about 0 .
apart from special cases , as in iron and steel , where the economies of scale are optimal for very large firms , there was some question as to the desirability of establishing national monopolies .	apart from special cases , as in iron and steel , where the economies of scale is optimal for very large firms , there was some question as to the desirability of establishing national monopolies .
accusations of vandalism , bullying and racism are not conducive to calm discussion .	accusations of vandalism , bullying and racism is not conducive to calm discussion .
the city 's slogan is `` it 's all right here .	the city 's slogan are `` it 's all right here .
the first example you gave is directly from here .	the first example you gave are directly from here .
isotope ratios in food , especially plant food , are directly and predictably reflected in bone chemistry , allowing researchers to partially reconstruct recent diet using stable isotopes as tracers .	isotope ratios in food , especially plant food , is directly and predictably reflected in bone chemistry , allowing researchers to partially reconstruct recent diet using stable isotopes as tracers .
thus , every new node with m edges connects only to m existing nodes from its local world and does not link with nodes which are in the global system ( the main difference from the ba model ) .	thus , every new node with m edges connect only to m existing nodes from its local world and does not link with nodes which are in the global system ( the main difference from the ba model ) .
the six examples of use given in the article are all just by bloggers ; the paul krugman thing noted above is something he mentioned in passing in an e-mail ( and thus a trivial mention ) .	the six examples of use given in the article is all just by bloggers ; the paul krugman thing noted above is something he mentioned in passing in an e-mail ( and thus a trivial mention ) .
traces of settlement in the place of today 's town are from the stone age .	traces of settlement in the place of today 's town is from the stone age .
the protein content in roots , tubers and fruits is between 0 and 2 percent .	the protein content in roots , tubers and fruits are between 0 and 2 percent .
cyclops roundleaf bats spend the day roosting in hollow trees , often in cavities as far from the ground as possible .	cyclops roundleaf bats spends the day roosting in hollow trees , often in cavities as far from the ground as possible .
the society spearheads numerous rock related events like the battle of the bands and live rock club shows that has spurred constructive level of activity for bands .	the society spearheads numerous rock related events like the battle of the bands and lives rock club shows that has spurred constructive level of activity for bands .
solutional caves are the most frequently occurring caves and such caves form in rock that is soluble , such as limestone , but can also form in other rocks , including chalk , dolomite , marble , salt , and gypsum .	solutional caves is the most frequently occurring caves and such caves form in rock that is soluble , such as limestone , but can also form in other rocks , including chalk , dolomite , marble , salt , and gypsum .
tents , sleeping pads , and cooking equipment are optional based on weight and space .	tents , sleeping pads , and cooking equipment is optional based on weight and space .
keep , because most churches of this age and size are notable .	keep , because most churches of this age and size is notable .
while the surface elevation shows a propagating wave , the fluid particles are in an orbital motion .	while the surface elevation shows a propagating wave , the fluid particles is in an orbital motion .
traffic volumes along the southern portion of the highway are generally low , with an annual average daily traffic ( aadt ) of 1 , 000 vehicles .	traffic volumes along the southern portion of the highway is generally low , with an annual average daily traffic ( aadt ) of 1 , 000 vehicles .
major companies based in the city include siberian business union .	major companies based in the city includes siberian business union .
the number one thing these people have going for them is education .	the number one thing these people have going for them are education .
portions of the fossil that have been isolated for microscopic examination reveal an extraordinary degree of cellular detail .	portions of the fossil that have been isolated for microscopic examination reveals an extraordinary degree of cellular detail .
jordana is typical of the young native-born girls , and initially hostile toward kitty , believing that american women are no good for anything other than dressing up prettily .	jordana is typical of the young native-born girls , and initially hostile toward kitty , believing that american women is no good for anything other than dressing up prettily .
the mende people are one of the two largest ethnic groups in sierra leone , their neighbours the temne people having roughly the same population .	the mende people is one of the two largest ethnic groups in sierra leone , their neighbours the temne people having roughly the same population .
dead wood , ericaceous shrubs , and a thick layer of poorly decomposed plant litter make this habitat very fire-prone .	dead wood , ericaceous shrubs , and a thick layer of poorly decomposed plant litter makes this habitat very fire-prone .
the grounds , which feature original equipment from the coffee farm , are also available for touring .	the grounds , which feature original equipment from the coffee farm , is also available for touring .
the number of haploid chromosomes is 30 .	the number of haploid chromosomes are 30 .
major disturbances like a startup bubble burst leave behind an investment dry environment .	major disturbances like a startup bubble burst leaves behind an investment dry environment .
the languages of the plateau area have relatively rare pharyngeals and epiglottals ( they are otherwise restricted to afro-asiatic and caucasian languages ) .	the languages of the plateau area has relatively rare pharyngeals and epiglottals ( they are otherwise restricted to afro-asiatic and caucasian languages ) .
other topics addressed in the story collection are pain and eroticism and different political and cultural values attributed to sexuality .	other topics addressed in the story collection is pain and eroticism and different political and cultural values attributed to sexuality .
common situations where positive airway pressure is indicated are those where taking a breath is difficult .	common situations where positive airway pressure is indicated is those where taking a breath is difficult .
no other information is available to determine if vaughan had returned to his colony new cambriol after 1630 , but his efforts to entice further colonization did not cease .	no other information are available to determine if vaughan had returned to his colony new cambriol after 1630 , but his efforts to entice further colonization did not cease .
recent developments in proof theory include the study of proof mining by ulrich kohlenbach and the study of proof-theoretic ordinals by michael rathjen .	recent developments in proof theory includes the study of proof mining by ulrich kohlenbach and the study of proof-theoretic ordinals by michael rathjen .
parts of the lake extend into washington county , arkansas and madison county , arkansas .	parts of the lake extends into washington county , arkansas and madison county , arkansas .
this statue is a hybrid of an ancient grey marble torso , and cordier 's white marble and gilded bronze .	this statue are a hybrid of an ancient grey marble torso , and cordier 's white marble and gilded bronze .
in fact , a program is a subsystem plus one or more activities .	in fact , a program are a subsystem plus one or more activities .
this postulate stemmed from the assumption that maxwell 's equations of electromagnetism , which predict a specific speed of light in a vacuum , hold in any inertial frame of reference rather than , as was previously believed , just in the frame of the aether .	this postulate stemmed from the assumption that maxwell 's equations of electromagnetism , which predict a specific speed of light in a vacuum , holds in any inertial frame of reference rather than , as was previously believed , just in the frame of the aether .
in the wii version , players use the wii remote , in combination with either the nunchuk or another wii remote .	in the wii version , players uses the wii remote , in combination with either the nunchuk or another wii remote .
specific habitat features , structure , and shoreline development are not particular concern for bay anchovy , but hydrographic features that affect water quality could limit its distribution and abundance .	specific habitat features , structure , and shoreline development is not particular concern for bay anchovy , but hydrographic features that affect water quality could limit its distribution and abundance .
thus , these comments about edit count are null , he knows what should be done .	thus , these comments about edit count is null , he knows what should be done .
this document , which mentions the frauds of the chamber 's deposits , shows the favors given to the crown and tries to end such abuses , led to a new law proposed by charles colbert to the brittany chamber in 1681 .	this document , which mentions the frauds of the chamber 's deposits , show the favors given to the crown and tries to end such abuses , led to a new law proposed by charles colbert to the brittany chamber in 1681 .
once a forest is certified it is important to be able to trace the products that come from it throughout the supply chain to ensure that any claims on the origin of the product are credible and verifiable .	once a forest is certified it is important to be able to trace the products that come from it throughout the supply chain to ensure that any claims on the origin of the product is credible and verifiable .
then , on talk , it would fall within established arbcomm precedent that angry comments by a user , to an administrator , in response to being blocked by that administrator are to be , generally , tolerated .	then , on talk , it would fall within established arbcomm precedent that angry comments by a user , to an administrator , in response to being blocked by that administrator is to be , generally , tolerated .
primary methods used in the interface design include prototyping and simulation .	primary methods used in the interface design includes prototyping and simulation .
declining land yields and soil erosion are big large problems in pakistan , especially for an agriculturally based country .	declining land yields and soil erosion is big large problems in pakistan , especially for an agriculturally based country .
the sandwiches are similar to what is known in the upper midwest as tavern sandwiches and the ones served at that region 's maid-rite restaurant chain .	the sandwiches is similar to what is known in the upper midwest as tavern sandwiches and the ones served at that region 's maid-rite restaurant chain .
if all answers from a team in an event are correct , 20 marks are given as a bonus .	if all answers from a team in an event is correct , 20 marks are given as a bonus .
medicine-related fields of medicine , dentistry , and veterinary medicine pose an exception to bologna system .	medicine-related fields of medicine , dentistry , and veterinary medicine poses an exception to bologna system .
some versions of the album contain a remastered version of `` bust a move '' from classical mushroom ; this same edit of bust a move is included on their previous studio album legend of the black shawarma .	some versions of the album contains a remastered version of `` bust a move '' from classical mushroom ; this same edit of bust a move is included on their previous studio album legend of the black shawarma .
the works of his youth are of a late-romantic style .	the works of his youth is of a late-romantic style .
the operations of matrix addition and matrix multiplication are especially simple for diagonal matrices .	the operations of matrix addition and matrix multiplication is especially simple for diagonal matrices .
shared characteristics of the socio-economic class , which heavily influences the production of journalism , are important .	shared characteristics of the socio-economic class , which heavily influences the production of journalism , is important .
the interpretation capabilities of a language understanding system depend on the semantic theory it uses .	the interpretation capabilities of a language understanding system depends on the semantic theory it uses .
even though very little of lesotho is covered in water , the rivers that run across the country are an important part of lesotho 's economy .	even though very little of lesotho is covered in water , the rivers that run across the country is an important part of lesotho 's economy .
known physical laws ( including those of quantum mechanics ) are very much infused with real numbers and continua , and the universe seems to be able to decide their values on a moment-by-moment basis .	known physical laws ( including those of quantum mechanics ) are very much infused with real numbers and continua , and the universe seem to be able to decide their values on a moment-by-moment basis .
sattvic individuals always work for the welfare of the world .	sattvic individuals always works for the welfare of the world .
patients at additional risk for pancreatitis are younger patients , patients with previous post-ercp pancreatitis , females , procedures that involve cannulation or injection of the pancreatic duct , and patients with sphincter of oddi dysfunction .	patients at additional risk for pancreatitis is younger patients , patients with previous post-ercp pancreatitis , females , procedures that involve cannulation or injection of the pancreatic duct , and patients with sphincter of oddi dysfunction .
other claims of notability appear to be unsupported .	other claims of notability appears to be unsupported .
local places of importance include sukrala devi temple and an ancient shiva temple .	local places of importance includes sukrala devi temple and an ancient shiva temple .
two conserved acidic residues at the tip of the finger domain are necessary to induce rnap 's intrinsic ability to cleave backtracked rna .	two conserved acidic residues at the tip of the finger domain is necessary to induce rnap 's intrinsic ability to cleave backtracked rna .
nearby rest rooms and a great view of the curving shoreline make this an ideal place for tailgate parties .	nearby rest rooms and a great view of the curving shoreline makes this an ideal place for tailgate parties .
overall , these academic programs cater to non-traditional students with various continuing education programs at the undergraduate , graduate , professional level .	overall , these academic programs caters to non-traditional students with various continuing education programs at the undergraduate , graduate , professional level .
if you swap the two electrons in a helium atom you get exactly the same helium atom , so the electrons are indistinguishable , yet there are two rather than one .	if you swap the two electrons in a helium atom you get exactly the same helium atom , so the electrons is indistinguishable , yet there are two rather than one .
other changes in the mall decor include new topiaries and gardens within the mall concourse .	other changes in the mall decor includes new topiaries and gardens within the mall concourse .
however , the signal transduction mechanisms involved in this communication are little understood .	however , the signal transduction mechanisms involved in this communication is little understood .
as such , articles discussing groups of verses where these groups for one coherent idea are much more logical than creating individual articles for every verse .	as such , articles discussing groups of verses where these groups for one coherent idea is much more logical than creating individual articles for every verse .
the ruins of the abbey are open to the public and are privately owned .	the ruins of the abbey is open to the public and are privately owned .
some early artists who produced progressive house which received commercial success and acclaim include leftfield , drum club , spooky and faithless .	some early artists who produced progressive house which received commercial success and acclaim includes leftfield , drum club , spooky and faithless .
the link text is usually the name of the collection being linked ; if left blank the template will display collection .	the link text are usually the name of the collection being linked ; if left blank the template will display collection .
the sister is not home , but jacinta states she is not in a hurry , so they spend a few hours by a nearby lake .	the sister is not home , but jacinta states she is not in a hurry , so they spends a few hours by a nearby lake .
these differences appear to persist over time ; in fact , the strongest predictor of individual turnout is whether or not one voted in the previous election .	these differences appears to persist over time ; in fact , the strongest predictor of individual turnout is whether or not one voted in the previous election .
the interpretation of guidelines by those who wrote them in other spheres welcomes thoughts of separation of powers to ensure that things are neutrally interpreted , rather than you putting your spin on something you thought you meant to say .	the interpretation of guidelines by those who wrote them in other spheres welcome thoughts of separation of powers to ensure that things are neutrally interpreted , rather than you putting your spin on something you thought you meant to say .
her best friend is a stuffed octopus doll she calls `` octi '' ( who turns evil in one episode ) .	her best friend are a stuffed octopus doll she calls `` octi '' ( who turns evil in one episode ) .
releases from this era have a topy catalog number .	releases from this era has a topy catalog number .
the institutions of higher learning with a presence on campus include clayton state university , gordon state college and southern crescent technical college .	the institutions of higher learning with a presence on campus includes clayton state university , gordon state college and southern crescent technical college .
the feast day of st luke , the patron saint of physicians , surgeons and pharmacists is the 26th of september .	the feast day of st luke , the patron saint of physicians , surgeons and pharmacists are the 26th of september .
because the term conspiracy theory has pejorative meaning , its use should be carefully restricted to those situations where it is the best descriptor of the theory in question .	because the term conspiracy theory have pejorative meaning , its use should be carefully restricted to those situations where it is the best descriptor of the theory in question .
everyone thinks that it is between janey and priscilla , but they are shocked to find that kara and sara fratelli ( samaire armstrong and nectar rose ) , twins conjoined at the head , win prom queen .	everyone thinks that it is between janey and priscilla , but they are shocked to find that kara and sara fratelli ( samaire armstrong and nectar rose ) , twins conjoined at the head , wins prom queen .
use of floating blocks to present pictures and tables is a typical feature of academic writing and technical writing , including scientific articles and books .	use of floating blocks to present pictures and tables are a typical feature of academic writing and technical writing , including scientific articles and books .
the molecules that leave the water surface do so because heat energy is randomly distributed between molecules - thus some are more energetic than others , ans some of those have enough kinetic energy to leave and dart about on their own .	the molecules that leave the water surface does so because heat energy is randomly distributed between molecules - thus some are more energetic than others , ans some of those have enough kinetic energy to leave and dart about on their own .
some aspects of gameplay , such as jet combat , are markedly different in the demo compared with the current game .	some aspects of gameplay , such as jet combat , is markedly different in the demo compared with the current game .
humans can not catch warts from toads or other animals ; the bumps on a toad are not warts .	humans can not catch warts from toads or other animals ; the bumps on a toad is not warts .
the sum of the factors of 150 is 222 .	the sum of the factors of 150 are 222 .
the tumor has a unique property of being highly sensitive to radiation , sometimes acknowledged by the phrase `` melting like snow '' .	the tumor have a unique property of being highly sensitive to radiation , sometimes acknowledged by the phrase `` melting like snow '' .
the origins of the medieval war horse are obscure , although it is believed they had some barb and arabian blood through the spanish jennet , a forerunner to the modern friesian and andalusian horse .	the origins of the medieval war horse is obscure , although it is believed they had some barb and arabian blood through the spanish jennet , a forerunner to the modern friesian and andalusian horse .
the exceptions to lack of worker participation are entities like the john lewis partnership that are wholly managed and owned by the workforce .	the exceptions to lack of worker participation is entities like the john lewis partnership that are wholly managed and owned by the workforce .
the video begins with spektor being tied up on a rowboat which is cut off by a clip of a lighthouse .	the video begin with spektor being tied up on a rowboat which is cut off by a clip of a lighthouse .
his movements throughout the southern peninsula constitute a path of pilgrimage for many of his followers .	his movements throughout the southern peninsula constitutes a path of pilgrimage for many of his followers .
avoid neologisms for the same reason that other commonly understood terms like e-mail , prequel and soccer mom are permissible notwithstanding that they are technically neologisms .	avoid neologisms for the same reason that other commonly understood terms like e-mail , prequel and soccer mom is permissible notwithstanding that they are technically neologisms .
most educational institutions that hold a class secretary position also have a handbook that lays out the responsibilities and what is expected of the person who has either been elected or volunteered as class secretary .	most educational institutions that hold a class secretary position also has a handbook that lays out the responsibilities and what is expected of the person who has either been elected or volunteered as class secretary .
in fact , the staley company 's own address is 2200 east eldorado street , so presumably staley field occupied a piece of the company 's grounds .	in fact , the staley company 's own address are 2200 east eldorado street , so presumably staley field occupied a piece of the company 's grounds .
if the result of those discussions is inconclusive ( at best ) , i would open an spi case .	if the result of those discussions are inconclusive ( at best ) , i would open an spi case .
since 2006 , the four highest ranked players who lose in the last round of qualification take part in a four-way random draw , the results of which are used to determine the order in which each player will enter the main draw .	since 2006 , the four highest ranked players who lose in the last round of qualification takes part in a four-way random draw , the results of which are used to determine the order in which each player will enter the main draw .
in general , the article falls significantly short in its accuracy and command of the evidence involved here .	in general , the article fall significantly short in its accuracy and command of the evidence involved here .
cisco routers running eigrp will not form an eigrp adjacency and will complain about k-values mismatch until these values are identical on these routers .	cisco routers running eigrp will not form an eigrp adjacency and will complain about k-values mismatch until these values is identical on these routers .
people continuing the edit war on the article itself need to be stopped , though in this isntance i see cookiecaper as someone attempting to suggest a fix ( though one that some do not agree with ) .	people continuing the edit war on the article itself needs to be stopped , though in this isntance i see cookiecaper as someone attempting to suggest a fix ( though one that some do not agree with ) .
nominations should remain open , per policy , about a week before they are closed , unless they meet the general criteria for speedy deletion , the criteria for speedy deletion of a redirect , or are not valid redirect discussion requests ( e .	nominations should remain open , per policy , about a week before they are closed , unless they meet the general criteria for speedy deletion , the criteria for speedy deletion of a redirect , or is not valid redirect discussion requests ( e .
the article is in decent shape and the statistics are solid enough for a blurb .	the article is in decent shape and the statistics is solid enough for a blurb .
angel talks to faith about redemption , saying she has to make amends for her crimes , no matter how hard it is .	angel talks to faith about redemption , saying she has to make amends for her crimes , no matter how hard it are .
mox fuel while water-insoluble forms of plutonium such as plutonium dioxide are very harmful to the lungs , this toxicity is not relevant during a loss of coolant accident ( loca ) because plutonium is very involatile and unlikely to leave the reactor in large amounts .	mox fuel while water-insoluble forms of plutonium such as plutonium dioxide is very harmful to the lungs , this toxicity is not relevant during a loss of coolant accident ( loca ) because plutonium is very involatile and unlikely to leave the reactor in large amounts .
the purpose of the codes is in part actuarial .	the purpose of the codes are in part actuarial .
the pronunciation of dead languages is per necessity uncertain .	the pronunciation of dead languages are per necessity uncertain .
in 1927 , the boy scouts of america created honorary scouts to distinguish `` american citizens whose achievements in outdoor activity , exploration and worthwhile adventure are of such an exceptional character as to capture the imagination of boys .	in 1927 , the boy scouts of america created honorary scouts to distinguish `` american citizens whose achievements in outdoor activity , exploration and worthwhile adventure is of such an exceptional character as to capture the imagination of boys .
removing the apical tip and its suppressive hormone lets lower , dormant lateral buds develop , and the buds between the leaf stalk and stem produce new shoots that compete to become lead growth .	removing the apical tip and its suppressive hormone lets lower , dormant lateral buds develop , and the buds between the leaf stalk and stem produces new shoots that compete to become lead growth .
birds of prey are also present using the updrafts and thermals along the north-south alignment of the central mountains for their migration .	birds of prey is also present using the updrafts and thermals along the north-south alignment of the central mountains for their migration .
large time-sharing systems can have hundreds or even thousands of simultaneous users , and the memory required by their programs and data generally adds up to much more than the physical memory attached to the computer .	large time-sharing systems can have hundreds or even thousands of simultaneous users , and the memory required by their programs and data generally add up to much more than the physical memory attached to the computer .
the sounds at the end of track 10 are a woman crying under the mope fm dj ( voiced by marty fields ) delivering a deadpan monologue about using payphones to call sex lines .	the sounds at the end of track 10 is a woman crying under the mope fm dj ( voiced by marty fields ) delivering a deadpan monologue about using payphones to call sex lines .
another popular destination for visitors is oregon 's historic lighthouses , most of which date to before 1900 .	another popular destination for visitors are oregon 's historic lighthouses , most of which date to before 1900 .
one common recruitment process of musicians for professional orchestras and bands is an audition and the ensemble 's librarian is often responsible for preparing the materials required for such auditions .	one common recruitment process of musicians for professional orchestras and bands are an audition and the ensemble 's librarian is often responsible for preparing the materials required for such auditions .
the dates of birth and death are unclear as well as the place of origin or early life activity ( mencl guesses the river inn , probably burghausen ) .	the dates of birth and death is unclear as well as the place of origin or early life activity ( mencl guesses the river inn , probably burghausen ) .
the whole exercise is very demanding , both technically and musically , since all the artiste 's musicianship is put to test .	the whole exercise are very demanding , both technically and musically , since all the artiste 's musicianship is put to test .
instead policy frameworks , market design and regulation are the tools by which the government seeks to drive investment in energy projects which are considered to be compatible with policy objectives .	instead policy frameworks , market design and regulation is the tools by which the government seeks to drive investment in energy projects which are considered to be compatible with policy objectives .
the cottage is two bedrooms and is self-contained .	the cottage are two bedrooms and is self-contained .
the only remaining parts of the medieval church are the eastern and western parts of the nave .	the only remaining parts of the medieval church is the eastern and western parts of the nave .
i have nominated this for a good topic based on the fact that all three member articles of the line are ga as well as the article about the line itself .	i have nominated this for a good topic based on the fact that all three member articles of the line is ga as well as the article about the line itself .
occupational propinquity , in which similar people working in the same field or job tend to be attracted to one another .	occupational propinquity , in which similar people working in the same field or job tends to be attracted to one another .
the lyrics , beat , melody and singing are perfect on this song .	the lyrics , beat , melody and singing is perfect on this song .
their content is a tv series , not this limited resolution photo of a character .	their content are a tv series , not this limited resolution photo of a character .
this dramatic anthology of four episodes represents the collaborative effort of mariano de rosa , rodrigo moreno , salvador roselli , and nicolás saad .	this dramatic anthology of four episodes represent the collaborative effort of mariano de rosa , rodrigo moreno , salvador roselli , and nicolás saad .
reasons ( other than investment or speculation ) for entering the market include the desire to hedge against a drop in prepayment rates ( a critical business risk for any company specializing in refinancing ) .	reasons ( other than investment or speculation ) for entering the market includes the desire to hedge against a drop in prepayment rates ( a critical business risk for any company specializing in refinancing ) .
the temporal and spatial aspects of vulnerability science are pervasive , particularly in research that attempts to demonstrate the impact of development on social vulnerability .	the temporal and spatial aspects of vulnerability science is pervasive , particularly in research that attempts to demonstrate the impact of development on social vulnerability .
all the references in the article are those of security reports .	all the references in the article is those of security reports .
the proper order of things is for him to give '''proper''' sources to refute the term .	the proper order of things are for him to give '''proper''' sources to refute the term .
the large oil paintings on either side of the bear are artistic depictions of biblical creation and evolutionary theory .	the large oil paintings on either side of the bear is artistic depictions of biblical creation and evolutionary theory .
when copyright and fair use issues are so important when it comes to adminship regarding keeping or deleting unfree content , i am not sure someone with views that go against the main goal of the entire project will always make the right decisions .	when copyright and fair use issues is so important when it comes to adminship regarding keeping or deleting unfree content , i am not sure someone with views that go against the main goal of the entire project will always make the right decisions .
incoming students for the fall semester have the option to participate in a multi-week wilderness program conducted in a location near the campus .	incoming students for the fall semester has the option to participate in a multi-week wilderness program conducted in a location near the campus .
afd , and people with a strong dislike for the topic are less likely to stumble on the afd template on the article and follow it to the discussion .	afd , and people with a strong dislike for the topic is less likely to stumble on the afd template on the article and follow it to the discussion .
however , the vocal parts can also be omitted , making the duet version an acceptable substitute accompaniment for choir and soloists in circumstances where a full orchestra is unavailable .	however , the vocal parts can also be omitted , making the duet version an acceptable substitute accompaniment for choir and soloists in circumstances where a full orchestra are unavailable .
hkctv 's leading position in sports programmes is further strengthened by cable sports and 6 other sports channels featuring international and national events such as nba basketball , premier league , the 10th national games and soccer betting .	hkctv 's leading position in sports programmes are further strengthened by cable sports and 6 other sports channels featuring international and national events such as nba basketball , premier league , the 10th national games and soccer betting .
as of time of writing , all twelve appeals that made it through the selection process are still in active rotation , along with jimmy wales ' own personal appeal .	as of time of writing , all twelve appeals that made it through the selection process is still in active rotation , along with jimmy wales ' own personal appeal .
thomas louis magliozzi and his younger brother ray are `` click and clack , the tappet brothers , '' the hosts of national public radio 's comedy car advice show car talk .	thomas louis magliozzi and his younger brother ray are `` click and clack , the tappet brothers , '' the hosts of national public radio 's comedy car advice shows car talk .
other limited access roads that are accessible outside the township include interstate 287 in neighboring franklin township .	other limited access roads that are accessible outside the township includes interstate 287 in neighboring franklin township .
links to the firm 's web site are not good references , a good start would be to eliminate those .	links to the firm 's web site is not good references , a good start would be to eliminate those .
different forms of spectroscopy and scattering of radiation are common methods used .	different forms of spectroscopy and scattering of radiation is common methods used .
interest is higher than projected due to higher debt than projected .	interest are higher than projected due to higher debt than projected .
local attractions on the mountain range include the pagoda and the fire tower .	local attractions on the mountain range includes the pagoda and the fire tower .
agent 8 is a dangerous and explosive collectible octopus toy which oz owned and hid because it was supposed to be discontinued .	agent 8 are a dangerous and explosive collectible octopus toy which oz owned and hid because it was supposed to be discontinued .
jumpers in the vestibule , the area between unity and destiny , connect the piping and wiring between the two .	jumpers in the vestibule , the area between unity and destiny , connects the piping and wiring between the two .
the results of this technique are particularly noticeable in the original version of napoleon crossing the alps from malmaison , especially in the treatment of the rump of the horse .	the results of this technique is particularly noticeable in the original version of napoleon crossing the alps from malmaison , especially in the treatment of the rump of the horse .
alumni of the university include some of the major figures of modern history .	alumni of the university includes some of the major figures of modern history .
for example , the large anionic proteins in blood plasma are not permeable to capillary walls .	for example , the large anionic proteins in blood plasma is not permeable to capillary walls .
zinc is a very important part of the brain as well ; many regions of the brain , such as the cerebellum , and hippocampus have neurons that contain this nutrient .	zinc is a very important part of the brain as well ; many regions of the brain , such as the cerebellum , and hippocampus has neurons that contain this nutrient .
if only two parameters from the full blood count are low , the term bicytopenia can be used .	if only two parameters from the full blood count is low , the term bicytopenia can be used .
i maintain that while benjamin used slightly different wording , the pov point he was trying to get across ( which has been reverted multiple times by different editors ) is no different .	i maintain that while benjamin used slightly different wording , the pov point he was trying to get across ( which has been reverted multiple times by different editors ) are no different .
once resources for food , nesting , and potential mates become scarce in a particular area , birds and other animals move out of those areas to find new resources .	once resources for food , nesting , and potential mates becomes scarce in a particular area , birds and other animals move out of those areas to find new resources .
it should be born in mind that the characteristics of the filter predicted by the image method are only accurate if the section is terminated with its image impedance .	it should be born in mind that the characteristics of the filter predicted by the image method is only accurate if the section is terminated with its image impedance .
so the notability failure means there should not be a separate article , so the merge was correct .	so the notability failure mean there should not be a separate article , so the merge was correct .
the slogans of this proclamation are almost entirely autonomist .	the slogans of this proclamation is almost entirely autonomist .
the only individual present who outright refuses to meet or even participate with the others is the black panther , who fears the association will end in less than altruistic actions .	the only individual present who outright refuses to meet or even participate with the others are the black panther , who fears the association will end in less than altruistic actions .
games that do not allow a player to have more than one character at a time include immortal night and runescape .	games that do not allow a player to have more than one character at a time includes immortal night and runescape .
i like the answers to questions , which come across as straight and honest , and a look through contributions throws up no concerns .	i like the answers to questions , which come across as straight and honest , and a look through contributions throw up no concerns .
examples of concern include the government censorship and surveillance and fellow wireless network users such as at an internet cafe .	examples of concern includes the government censorship and surveillance and fellow wireless network users such as at an internet cafe .
buses between the city centre and the airport are fairly frequent .	buses between the city centre and the airport is fairly frequent .
the attempts to sweep this incident under the carpet are blatant attempts at political censorship .	the attempts to sweep this incident under the carpet is blatant attempts at political censorship .
first 3-4 sentences of host city selection section need a definite rejig .	first 3-4 sentences of host city selection section needs a definite rejig .
chalk talk in academics is a silent way to construct collaborative mind-maps or other diagrams with the intent to `` reflect , generate ideas , check on learning , develop projects , or solve problems .	chalk talk in academics are a silent way to construct collaborative mind-maps or other diagrams with the intent to `` reflect , generate ideas , check on learning , develop projects , or solve problems .
environmental studies indicate that some residents of the village and elsewhere near the mine have toxic levels of mercury in their blood .	environmental studies indicate that some residents of the village and elsewhere near the mine has toxic levels of mercury in their blood .
two types of molding sand are natural bonded ( bank sand ) and synthetic ( lake sand ) ; the latter is generally preferred due to its more consistent composition .	two types of molding sand is natural bonded ( bank sand ) and synthetic ( lake sand ) ; the latter is generally preferred due to its more consistent composition .
only possible question is whether the article is sufficiently concerned with the person rather than the incident in which she was allegedly involved .	only possible question is whether the article are sufficiently concerned with the person rather than the incident in which she was allegedly involved .
from a legal perspective , escort agencies claim that they are dispatching these individuals to provide a social or conversational service , since prostitution laws often forbid taking payment for sex or communicating for the purpose of arranging a contract for sexual services .	from a legal perspective , escort agencies claims that they are dispatching these individuals to provide a social or conversational service , since prostitution laws often forbid taking payment for sex or communicating for the purpose of arranging a contract for sexual services .
other songs that were on the tour 's set list but not on the album are `` goodbye stranger '' , `` even in the quietest moments '' , `` downstream '' , `` child of vision '' and `` another man 's woman '' .	other songs that were on the tour 's set list but not on the album is `` goodbye stranger '' , `` even in the quietest moments '' , `` downstream '' , `` child of vision '' and `` another man 's woman '' .
the net outcome of these two models is essentially the same ; the images will be removed , one way or another .	the net outcome of these two models are essentially the same ; the images will be removed , one way or another .
when this is done , the other man acts as a guide to the unfamiliar .	when this is done , the other man act as a guide to the unfamiliar .
it is a directed acyclic graph where the nodes of the graph are factors .	it is a directed acyclic graph where the nodes of the graph is factors .
generally , nouns inflected for plurality end in , though there are some irregularities .	generally , nouns inflected for plurality end in , though there is some irregularities .
services consist of two trains from to in the morning , together with one return working from ōmiya to and back .	services consists of two trains from to in the morning , together with one return working from ōmiya to and back .
the permutations of this kind of list are endless .	the permutations of this kind of list is endless .
the convoy maintains contact by radio and telephone with task control , mdp central information room , wethersfield , essex , which monitors its movement , and with the civil police forces in the affected areas .	the convoy maintain contact by radio and telephone with task control , mdp central information room , wethersfield , essex , which monitors its movement , and with the civil police forces in the affected areas .
the group of papers consistently wins awards from the suburban newspapers of america , as well as regional awards .	the group of papers consistently win awards from the suburban newspapers of america , as well as regional awards .
while violations of the maxim of quality and quantity are more or less objectively derived , violations of relation and manner are largely subjectively assessed .	while violations of the maxim of quality and quantity is more or less objectively derived , violations of relation and manner are largely subjectively assessed .
the months of the lunar calendar are roughly equivalent to the period from early january to early may .	the months of the lunar calendar is roughly equivalent to the period from early january to early may .
the claims to the article on the criterion of significance appear to be frivolous .	the claims to the article on the criterion of significance appears to be frivolous .
the regional offices provide services in information management , capacity development ( i .	the regional offices provides services in information management , capacity development ( i .
the telecommunication services in the municipality mostly are cellular phones with smart and globe as service provider .	the telecommunication services in the municipality mostly is cellular phones with smart and globe as service provider .
the sources are still valid and the term remains in common use for the fans of the show and the film .	the sources are still valid and the term remain in common use for the fans of the show and the film .
keep - the articles about him and the scholarship program he created are substantial and constitute reliable sources for the purpose of establishing notabilty .	keep - the articles about him and the scholarship program he created is substantial and constitute reliable sources for the purpose of establishing notabilty .
the main threat to the species is energy development .	the main threat to the species are energy development .
religious groups accounting for less than 5 percent of the population include non-catholic christians , muslims , jews , hindus , bahais , and buddhists .	religious groups accounting for less than 5 percent of the population includes non-catholic christians , muslims , jews , hindus , bahais , and buddhists .
family-centered approaches to health care intervention also generally lead to wiser allocation of health care resources , as well as greater patient and family satisfaction .	family-centered approaches to health care intervention also generally leads to wiser allocation of health care resources , as well as greater patient and family satisfaction .
all values of that type have the same combination of field types .	all values of that type has the same combination of field types .
requested articles is a crazy slow turn around , the chances of anyone making an article based on a request there are , admittedly , slim .	requested articles is a crazy slow turn around , the chances of anyone making an article based on a request there is , admittedly , slim .
other minor named locales in the town are bogus hill , candlewood hills , hillyview drive , hollywyle park , inglenook , joyce hill , locust glen , sail harbor , possum ridge , and lavelle avenue .	other minor named locales in the town is bogus hill , candlewood hills , hillyview drive , hollywyle park , inglenook , joyce hill , locust glen , sail harbor , possum ridge , and lavelle avenue .
the national football league players begin a 57-day strike .	the national football league players begins a 57-day strike .
icef teams in football , basketball , and volleyball are successful participators in the university sport competitions .	icef teams in football , basketball , and volleyball is successful participators in the university sport competitions .
some scientists regard other species as valid as well , for example p .	some scientists regards other species as valid as well , for example p .
numbers in this range are usually not encyclopedic , but the mentioning in the quran makes this number one of the notable exceptions .	numbers in this range is usually not encyclopedic , but the mentioning in the quran makes this number one of the notable exceptions .
the first step is the oxidative addition of palladium to the halide 2 to form the organopalladium species 3 .	the first step are the oxidative addition of palladium to the halide 2 to form the organopalladium species 3 .
a few patients who have had a hip replacement suffer chronic pain after the surgery .	a few patients who have had a hip replacement suffers chronic pain after the surgery .
the origin of maps and geographical treatises goes back into former ages .	the origin of maps and geographical treatises go back into former ages .
russian heat wave 2010 estimate for deaths is 55 , 000 .	russian heat wave 2010 estimate for deaths are 55 , 000 .
however , his constant abuse begins to change her opinion of him .	however , his constant abuse begin to change her opinion of him .
the images in landscape format appear small in comparison with those in portrait format .	the images in landscape format appears small in comparison with those in portrait format .
the brothers then promise themselves to find the murderer , and avoid any obstacles , distractions , and firepower .	the brothers then promises themselves to find the murderer , and avoid any obstacles , distractions , and firepower .
since the concepts of moral behavior did not vary much between cultures ( as crimes like murder , theft , and unwarranted violence are illegal in virtually every society ) , there is not much room for people to have different views on what is morally right or wrong .	since the concepts of moral behavior did not vary much between cultures ( as crimes like murder , theft , and unwarranted violence is illegal in virtually every society ) , there is not much room for people to have different views on what is morally right or wrong .
the other facts in the article are non-noteworthy also ( large organizations get sued frequently , and lists of stores are uninteresting ) .	the other facts in the article is non-noteworthy also ( large organizations get sued frequently , and lists of stores are uninteresting ) .
warshak 's doctoral dissertation , the effects of father custody and mother custody on children 's personality development , is the first study to directly compare children growing up in father-custody homes to children growing up in mother-custody homes .	warshak 's doctoral dissertation , the effects of father custody and mother custody on children 's personality development , are the first study to directly compare children growing up in father-custody homes to children growing up in mother-custody homes .
those two block quotes in the conception section are a little excessive .	those two block quotes in the conception section is a little excessive .
christianity and most religions simply offer hope .	christianity and most religions simply offers hope .
some key identifiers of a swamp community include the gray tree frog , wood duck , and barred owl .	some key identifiers of a swamp community includes the gray tree frog , wood duck , and barred owl .
however , terms such as turn at bat or time at bat are synonymous with plate appearance .	however , terms such as turn at bat or time at bat is synonymous with plate appearance .
individuals with acute hp typically develop symptoms 4-6 hours after exposure .	individuals with acute hp typically develops symptoms 4-6 hours after exposure .
lansing 's longitude and latitude coordinates in decimal form are 43 .	lansing 's longitude and latitude coordinates in decimal form is 43 .
all seven seasons of the series are available for download at itunes store .	all seven seasons of the series is available for download at itunes store .
prime farmland has the soil quality , growing season , and moisture supply needed for the agricultural productivity to sustainably produce high yields of crops when treated and managed according to acceptable farming methods ( e .	prime farmland have the soil quality , growing season , and moisture supply needed for the agricultural productivity to sustainably produce high yields of crops when treated and managed according to acceptable farming methods ( e .
the term does not appear in the urban dictionary which accepts substantially everything , nor in the rap dictionary , and a usenet search turns up mostly uses of a finnish word spelled the same way .	the term does not appear in the urban dictionary which accepts substantially everything , nor in the rap dictionary , and a usenet search turn up mostly uses of a finnish word spelled the same way .
band , google shows little , and the use of blogs as references is wholly unacceptable .	band , google shows little , and the use of blogs as references are wholly unacceptable .
universities that adopt the simulation with arena textbook are eligible for valuable offers and benefits .	universities that adopt the simulation with arena textbook is eligible for valuable offers and benefits .
the opening shot is of video delfin quishpe sitting in a living room watching television .	the opening shot are of video delfin quishpe sitting in a living room watching television .
only certain people who have the target disease condition are eligible to take part in each clinical trial .	only certain people who have the target disease condition is eligible to take part in each clinical trial .
advances in medicine and large scale disease control allow the outbreaks to be managed and contained , but at great human cost .	advances in medicine and large scale disease control allows the outbreaks to be managed and contained , but at great human cost .
number , numbers under ten are spelled out as words , while numbers over ten are digits .	number , numbers under ten are spelled out as words , while numbers over ten is digits .
the sources of noise in a vehicle are many , including the engine , driveline , tire contact patch and road surface , brakes , and wind .	the sources of noise in a vehicle is many , including the engine , driveline , tire contact patch and road surface , brakes , and wind .
baxter equations and the quantum inverse scattering method provide quantum analogs of the inverse spectral methods .	baxter equations and the quantum inverse scattering method provides quantum analogs of the inverse spectral methods .
besides diabetes , other factors that may also increase high blood pressure include obesity , insulin resistance and high cholesterol levels .	besides diabetes , other factors that may also increase high blood pressure includes obesity , insulin resistance and high cholesterol levels .
periods of active duty recall or mobilization are not creditable towards the reserve good conduct medal .	periods of active duty recall or mobilization is not creditable towards the reserve good conduct medal .
the canadian census tract covering this block of houses notes that the median income of the households is 8 , 000 dollars per annum .	the canadian census tract covering this block of houses notes that the median income of the households are 8 , 000 dollars per annum .
allegations of poor judgment seem mostly based on over-deletionist attitude towards speedy deletion .	allegations of poor judgment seems mostly based on over-deletionist attitude towards speedy deletion .
factors taken into account during the application process include business knowledge , leadership talents , and their entrepreneurial experience .	factors taken into account during the application process includes business knowledge , leadership talents , and their entrepreneurial experience .
its yellowish flowers have a distinct fragrance and the fruits of the tree are bitter tasting red berries , which are eaten by birds and fruit bats .	its yellowish flowers has a distinct fragrance and the fruits of the tree are bitter tasting red berries , which are eaten by birds and fruit bats .
i think a voice actor that does popular ads is notable .	i think a voice actor that does popular ads are notable .
the highway connects the city to thunder bay to the northwest and sudbury to the east .	the highway connect the city to thunder bay to the northwest and sudbury to the east .
the main focuses for this campaign are japan , denmark and iceland , as well as on aboriginal subsistence whaling .	the main focuses for this campaign is japan , denmark and iceland , as well as on aboriginal subsistence whaling .
the disparity between men and women still exists .	the disparity between men and women still exist .
routes 107 ( a 100 class highway ) and 7 ( a two lane highway ) continue eastward through the african canadian community of east preston and the exurban communities of lake echo , porters lake and head of chezzetcook to musquodoboit harbour , where highway 107 ends .	routes 107 ( a 100 class highway ) and 7 ( a two lane highway ) continues eastward through the african canadian community of east preston and the exurban communities of lake echo , porters lake and head of chezzetcook to musquodoboit harbour , where highway 107 ends .
allegheny students come from 33 states and 25 other countries .	allegheny students comes from 33 states and 25 other countries .
variations of the ice cream soda are as countless as the varieties of soda and the flavors of ice cream , but some have become more prominent than others .	variations of the ice cream soda is as countless as the varieties of soda and the flavors of ice cream , but some have become more prominent than others .
the first n moments of this distribution are exactly those of the poisson distribution .	the first n moments of this distribution is exactly those of the poisson distribution .
the exception to the medical samples is the song `` for felix ( and all the rats ) '' , a piece dedicated to their deceased pet rat felix , performed entirely on his cage .	the exception to the medical samples are the song `` for felix ( and all the rats ) '' , a piece dedicated to their deceased pet rat felix , performed entirely on his cage .
argued march 20 , 2012 - decided june 25 , 2012 ) , majority opinion delivered by justice elena kagan , held that mandatory sentences of life without the possibility of parole are unconstitutional for juvenile offenders .	argued march 20 , 2012 - decided june 25 , 2012 ) , majority opinion delivered by justice elena kagan , held that mandatory sentences of life without the possibility of parole is unconstitutional for juvenile offenders .
current flange standards used in the water industry are ansi b16 .	current flange standards used in the water industry is ansi b16 .
the arena also offers two banquet halls that can seat between 150 and 300 people , depending on the event .	the arena also offer two banquet halls that can seat between 150 and 300 people , depending on the event .
the subject of pensions is off-topic , so i apologise for introducing it .	the subject of pensions are off-topic , so i apologise for introducing it .
products include professional turf-care maintenance equipment and specialized turf-care vehicles .	products includes professional turf-care maintenance equipment and specialized turf-care vehicles .
when it is not known in advance that the sequence of points defines a simple polygon , the following things must be kept in mind .	when it is not known in advance that the sequence of points define a simple polygon , the following things must be kept in mind .
free bus services and special new year 's eve taxis ( the responsible young drivers ) bring everyone home afterwards .	free bus services and special new year 's eve taxis ( the responsible young drivers ) brings everyone home afterwards .
about 280 homes now surround the lake .	about 280 homes now surrounds the lake .
injuries from lead climbing are common .	injuries from lead climbing is common .
support while his answer to q6 is overly simplified , the effective difference between the two policies is a fine example of wikipedia instruction creep and hair-splitting .	support while his answer to q6 is overly simplified , the effective difference between the two policies are a fine example of wikipedia instruction creep and hair-splitting .
the uk approach is similar to us requirements , but the list of required signals is more comprehensive .	the uk approach is similar to us requirements , but the list of required signals are more comprehensive .
some measures that are commonly used to describe a data set are measures of central tendency and measures of variability or dispersion .	some measures that are commonly used to describe a data set is measures of central tendency and measures of variability or dispersion .
the siddhas ( liberated souls who will never take birth again , who have gone above the cycle of life and death ) go to the siddhashila after being liberated and stays there till infinity .	the siddhas ( liberated souls who will never take birth again , who have gone above the cycle of life and death ) goes to the siddhashila after being liberated and stays there till infinity .
these three genders , masculine , feminine , and neuter are still present in many dialects , notably most dialects of norwegian .	these three genders , masculine , feminine , and neuter is still present in many dialects , notably most dialects of norwegian .
law enforcement agencies of a sub division of a country have a parent category law enforcement agencies of country sub division name .	law enforcement agencies of a sub division of a country has a parent category law enforcement agencies of country sub division name .
as in the united kingdom , passengers wishing to board a bus at a bus stop do so by hailing it with an extended arm as it approaches .	as in the united kingdom , passengers wishing to board a bus at a bus stop does so by hailing it with an extended arm as it approaches .
the frequency difference between the two carriers is 4 .	the frequency difference between the two carriers are 4 .
since august 2002 , publications relating to new bacterial taxa and validation of publication elsewhere have both required type strains to have been deposited at two recognised public collections in different countries .	since august 2002 , publications relating to new bacterial taxa and validation of publication elsewhere has both required type strains to have been deposited at two recognised public collections in different countries .
the `` vincent the vulture '' comic books made as a prop for this picture briefly appear in the unaired pilot for the get smart television series .	the `` vincent the vulture '' comic books made as a prop for this picture briefly appears in the unaired pilot for the get smart television series .
the main inhabitants of the province are the aklanon , who are part of the visayan ethnic group .	the main inhabitants of the province is the aklanon , who are part of the visayan ethnic group .
tunes accessed july , 2000polyeast records the album consists of ten original opm tracks mostly written by arnie mendaros .	tunes accessed july , 2000polyeast records the album consist of ten original opm tracks mostly written by arnie mendaros .
the 2013 temple owls football team represents temple university in the 2013 ncaa division i fbs football season .	the 2013 temple owls football team represent temple university in the 2013 ncaa division i fbs football season .
often things that are clear to someone very familiar with the subject are not to the average reader .	often things that are clear to someone very familiar with the subject is not to the average reader .
based on figures from the central statistical agency in 2005 , this town has an estimated total population of 2 , 439 of whom 1 , 252 are men and 1 , 187 are women .	based on figures from the central statistical agency in 2005 , this town have an estimated total population of 2 , 439 of whom 1 , 252 are men and 1 , 187 are women .
captions in the lower portion of the frame occasionally give information as to the location , time , and events on screen .	captions in the lower portion of the frame occasionally gives information as to the location , time , and events on screen .
this bird is similar to the eastern phoebe .	this bird are similar to the eastern phoebe .
zf sachs ( zf ) supplies the shock absorbers , 18-inch wheels are standard , 19-inch wheels with a noise reducing harmonic construction feature are optional , a feature similar to that used in the previous face-lifted 2011 acura rl .	zf sachs ( zf ) supplies the shock absorbers , 18-inch wheels are standard , 19-inch wheels with a noise reducing harmonic construction feature is optional , a feature similar to that used in the previous face-lifted 2011 acura rl .
examples of a single deposit are certificate of deposits or fixed deposits .	examples of a single deposit is certificate of deposits or fixed deposits .
both these levels of consciousness - one consisting of an endless continuum and the other of a finite continuum - have a momentary nature .	both these levels of consciousness - one consisting of an endless continuum and the other of a finite continuum - has a momentary nature .
benefits of this plan include a less intrusive presence in congested urban areas , increased safety for people in communities throughout the country and consolidated installations that will promote a higher quality of life than was possible on smaller , less modern bases .	benefits of this plan includes a less intrusive presence in congested urban areas , increased safety for people in communities throughout the country and consolidated installations that will promote a higher quality of life than was possible on smaller , less modern bases .
question 2 thus becomes the issue of notability .	question 2 thus become the issue of notability .
as the attacks on the family become increasingly violent and terrifying , it becomes clear that the exorcism of the poltergeist will be their only chance for survival .	as the attacks on the family becomes increasingly violent and terrifying , it becomes clear that the exorcism of the poltergeist will be their only chance for survival .
a school with 500 students is very different from a school with 100 students .	a school with 500 students are very different from a school with 100 students .
the kiha 75-200 cars have a wheelchair-accessible toilet , and were also initially equipped with a card-operated payphone , but this was subsequently removed .	the kiha 75-200 cars has a wheelchair-accessible toilet , and were also initially equipped with a card-operated payphone , but this was subsequently removed .
now , the grounds for deletion are here .	now , the grounds for deletion is here .
the answer to both your questions is yes .	the answer to both your questions are yes .
acupuncture points may exhibit low electrical resistance and impedance but this evidence is mixed , and limited by poor-quality studies with small sample sizes and multiple confounding factors .	acupuncture points may exhibit low electrical resistance and impedance but this evidence are mixed , and limited by poor-quality studies with small sample sizes and multiple confounding factors .
the effort to cast this as personal attacks is simply rubbish .	the effort to cast this as personal attacks are simply rubbish .
some parts of the neighborhood closer to the shoreline are referred to as `` livingston '' and or `` randall manor '' .	some parts of the neighborhood closer to the shoreline is referred to as `` livingston '' and or `` randall manor '' .
fischer seems to have been of bohemian origin , possibly born at schönfeld , but details about his life are sketchy .	fischer seems to have been of bohemian origin , possibly born at schönfeld , but details about his life is sketchy .
local area network ( lan ) ports , by design , advertise information and consequently often become the focus of the most attacks upon client-server networks .	local area network ( lan ) ports , by design , advertise information and consequently often becomes the focus of the most attacks upon client-server networks .
the regulatory mechanisms and function are unknown but it is hypothesized that it may involve a hook region and a calmodulin binding region located elsewhere in the gene .	the regulatory mechanisms and function is unknown but it is hypothesized that it may involve a hook region and a calmodulin binding region located elsewhere in the gene .
a-i ) there is mention of the themes in the lead section , which incidentally seems fine at the moment , and a link to themes of the lord of the rings is there , though that article is pretty poor at the moment .	a-i ) there is mention of the themes in the lead section , which incidentally seems fine at the moment , and a link to themes of the lord of the rings are there , though that article is pretty poor at the moment .
the point about various other sites with more than 600 members not having entries is superfluous .	the point about various other sites with more than 600 members not having entries are superfluous .
we can stipulate for present purposes that the source is sufficient .	we can stipulate for present purposes that the source are sufficient .
most often used to descend from the top of rendezvous mountain after riding the jackson hole mountain resort ski lift to the top of the peak , the trail descends to junction with the granite canyon trail adjacent to the upper granite canyon patrol cabin .	most often used to descend from the top of rendezvous mountain after riding the jackson hole mountain resort ski lift to the top of the peak , the trail descend to junction with the granite canyon trail adjacent to the upper granite canyon patrol cabin .
the exact details of the incident which led to his death are unclear , but according to the national postal museum website , `` owney rode the train one last time before he died .	the exact details of the incident which led to his death is unclear , but according to the national postal museum website , `` owney rode the train one last time before he died .
slow cow 's main ingredient is l-theanine which , according to the manufacturer , `` produces a feeling of relaxation and creates a feeling of well-being .	slow cow 's main ingredient are l-theanine which , according to the manufacturer , `` produces a feeling of relaxation and creates a feeling of well-being .
many people who support animal welfare are in favour of using animals in necessary medical experiments ( to discover a new cancer drug , for instance ) , but do n't support the use of animal testing in food or ( especially ) cosmetics production .	many people who support animal welfare is in favour of using animals in necessary medical experiments ( to discover a new cancer drug , for instance ) , but do n't support the use of animal testing in food or ( especially ) cosmetics production .
the overall goal is to increase income and create employment opportunities in the rural areas of tanzania in a sustainable manner .	the overall goal are to increase income and create employment opportunities in the rural areas of tanzania in a sustainable manner .
the main bodies of water in town are chandler pond , jericho pond and gordon pond .	the main bodies of water in town is chandler pond , jericho pond and gordon pond .
medical research , reports from respected news organizations and real-life cases document the existence of specimen provenance complications in the diagnostic testing cycle for cancer .	medical research , report from respected news organizations and real-life cases document the existence of specimen provenance complications in the diagnostic testing cycle for cancer .
as wikipedia is the encyclopedia that anyone can edit , the line between editors and readers is one which is intentionally left very blurry .	as wikipedia is the encyclopedia that anyone can edit , the line between editors and readers are one which is intentionally left very blurry .
at each meeting the children learn about a scientific concept , while becoming acquainted with each other 's language and culture .	at each meeting the children learns about a scientific concept , while becoming acquainted with each other 's language and culture .
weekly activities in the church include the main sunday service and sunday school on fridays , in addition to bible study and conferences .	weekly activities in the church includes the main sunday service and sunday school on fridays , in addition to bible study and conferences .
junctions where three roads meet are other haunting grounds of this demon , and he is able to spread cholera and dysentery .	junctions where three roads meet is other haunting grounds of this demon , and he is able to spread cholera and dysentery .
only ruins of the nave and chancel remain , as the burial-place of the rentons of lamberton .	only ruins of the nave and chancel remains , as the burial-place of the rentons of lamberton .
the points at the west end are hand points .	the points at the west end is hand points .
the other members of this family that are currently known to science are indozostrodon , dinnetherium , wareolestes and brachyzostrodon .	the other members of this family that are currently known to science is indozostrodon , dinnetherium , wareolestes and brachyzostrodon .
gis-based maps and spatial analysis become major conduits in the process .	gis-based maps and spatial analysis becomes major conduits in the process .
in the philippine setting , the essential elements of an action for unfair competition are ( 1 ) confusing similarity in the general appearance of the goods , and ( 2 ) intent to deceive the public and defraud a competitor .	in the philippine setting , the essential elements of an action for unfair competition is ( 1 ) confusing similarity in the general appearance of the goods , and ( 2 ) intent to deceive the public and defraud a competitor .
occupied by the music department , this building contains classrooms , practice rooms , and offices .	occupied by the music department , this building contain classrooms , practice rooms , and offices .
its three largest british bases in order of size are london 's gatwick and luton airports followed by bristol .	its three largest british bases in order of size is london 's gatwick and luton airports followed by bristol .
presentation copies with a demonstrated relationship between the presenter and the recipient are generally more valuable than those merely signed by a writer .	presentation copies with a demonstrated relationship between the presenter and the recipient is generally more valuable than those merely signed by a writer .
members of the virtual ward staff hold an office-based ward round each working day .	members of the virtual ward staff holds an office-based ward round each working day .
court filings by the district attorney 's office say that grant 's hands were behind his back and that he was `` restrained and unarmed '' but do not say he was handcuffed .	court filings by the district attorney 's office says that grant 's hands were behind his back and that he was `` restrained and unarmed '' but do not say he was handcuffed .
obviously airplanes have to be designed so this is a notable topic .	obviously airplanes has to be designed so this is a notable topic .
words written in the talk section are irrelevant to the central issue , we are not discussing whether any person agrees or disagrees with einstein , we are discussing the accurate reporting of his paper in wikipedia .	words written in the talk section is irrelevant to the central issue , we are not discussing whether any person agrees or disagrees with einstein , we are discussing the accurate reporting of his paper in wikipedia .
other disorders that go hand in hand include mood disorders , depression , and anxiety .	other disorders that go hand in hand includes mood disorders , depression , and anxiety .
many large websites use it to refresh news or status updates , especially when dependencies on javascript and redirect headers are unwanted .	many large websites uses it to refresh news or status updates , especially when dependencies on javascript and redirect headers are unwanted .
the result is also a tie for the most number of rebounds in an ncaa tournament game .	the result are also a tie for the most number of rebounds in an ncaa tournament game .
christened jungle city by its residents , life is harsh and brutal , both day and night .	christened jungle city by its residents , life are harsh and brutal , both day and night .
the causes for deformation monitoring are changes in the bedrock , increase or decrease of weight , changes of the material properties or outside influences .	the causes for deformation monitoring is changes in the bedrock , increase or decrease of weight , changes of the material properties or outside influences .
the department is also home to the commercial vehicle safety enforcement branch .	the department are also home to the commercial vehicle safety enforcement branch .
both types of insurance , life and general , are available to all sectors of the community .	both types of insurance , life and general , is available to all sectors of the community .
in some religious views , birds of prey are carriers of the soul to the heavens .	in some religious views , birds of prey is carriers of the soul to the heavens .
objects of study include vector spaces , affine and projective spaces over finite fields and various structures that are contained in them .	objects of study includes vector spaces , affine and projective spaces over finite fields and various structures that are contained in them .
a single silvery-white line of tight scales begins between the eyes and continues down the dorsal side of the thorax .	a single silvery-white line of tight scales begin between the eyes and continues down the dorsal side of the thorax .
the potential for curing diseases and enhancing human capabilities is immense .	the potential for curing diseases and enhancing human capabilities are immense .
major events in the story have unique battle objectives , such as the ability to rescuing a npc from enemies rather than simply 'defeat all enemies ' .	major events in the story has unique battle objectives , such as the ability to rescuing a npc from enemies rather than simply 'defeat all enemies ' .
the artwork of the two stories ( which shows obvious differences although created only months apart ) demonstrates the changes from the earliest style to what would become the settled lucky luke expression .	the artwork of the two stories ( which shows obvious differences although created only months apart ) demonstrate the changes from the earliest style to what would become the settled lucky luke expression .
the slits in the parallax barrier allow the viewer to see only left image pixels from the position of their left eye , right image pixels from the right eye .	the slits in the parallax barrier allows the viewer to see only left image pixels from the position of their left eye , right image pixels from the right eye .
in the national hockey league , each team has its own distinctive jersey design ( hockey tradition usually refers to jerseys as `` sweaters , '' because hockey players actually wore sweaters on the ice until the 1960s ) .	in the national hockey league , each team has its own distinctive jersey design ( hockey tradition usually refer to jerseys as `` sweaters , '' because hockey players actually wore sweaters on the ice until the 1960s ) .
as the debates on the talk page show , there are very few independent reliable sources primarily about lerner .	as the debates on the talk page show , there is very few independent reliable sources primarily about lerner .
two common trails of the mountain area are the atascosa lookout , and the sycamore canyon trail , ( for the arizona sycamore , platanus wrightii ) .	two common trails of the mountain area is the atascosa lookout , and the sycamore canyon trail , ( for the arizona sycamore , platanus wrightii ) .
iowa state 's eight colleges today offer more than 100 undergraduate majors and 200 fields of study leading to graduate and professional degrees .	iowa state 's eight colleges today offers more than 100 undergraduate majors and 200 fields of study leading to graduate and professional degrees .
other islands in the vicinity include blaze island , seven mile island , kigirktaryuk island , onitkok island , and the couper islands .	other islands in the vicinity includes blaze island , seven mile island , kigirktaryuk island , onitkok island , and the couper islands .
the west platform is between tracks 4 and 6 , but only serves track 4 to its east .	the west platform are between tracks 4 and 6 , but only serves track 4 to its east .
the property values in this niche area continue to far surpass ( on average ) those in the rest of the neighbourhood .	the property values in this niche area continues to far surpass ( on average ) those in the rest of the neighbourhood .
the elements of this group are isotopy classes of homeomorphisms of x or mapping classes .	the elements of this group is isotopy classes of homeomorphisms of x or mapping classes .
the basic science training of physicians and dentists is similar but has become part of training only in the last century ( the split predates it ) .	the basic science training of physicians and dentists are similar but has become part of training only in the last century ( the split predates it ) .
pages someone believes need a change of title make up the list .	pages someone believes need a change of title makes up the list .
the smooth outer body of welded cylinders also enables the design of multi-stage telescopic cylinders .	the smooth outer body of welded cylinders also enable the design of multi-stage telescopic cylinders .
i must point out that this idea that editors , just by the fact of posting a link to a page which has been listed for deletion , are guilty of vote stacking , assumes bad faith .	i must point out that this idea that editors , just by the fact of posting a link to a page which has been listed for deletion , is guilty of vote stacking , assumes bad faith .
the problem with arguing by examples when you just pick examples of unrelated things that are bad is .	the problem with arguing by examples when you just pick examples of unrelated things that are bad are .
eccc 's efforts for outreach toward both national and international audience include public trial hearings , study tours , video screenings , school lectures , and video archives on the website .	eccc 's efforts for outreach toward both national and international audience includes public trial hearings , study tours , video screenings , school lectures , and video archives on the website .
some notable drivers competing in this category are darren morgan , andrew cowin , phil lamattina , damian harris , and various drivers representing santo rapisarda .	some notable drivers competing in this category is darren morgan , andrew cowin , phil lamattina , damian harris , and various drivers representing santo rapisarda .
hydraulic cylinders at the base of the tower provide an extra measure of safety in case of a ride malfunction .	hydraulic cylinders at the base of the tower provides an extra measure of safety in case of a ride malfunction .
in fact , the total number of verses in all chapters is 6 , 236 .	in fact , the total number of verses in all chapters are 6 , 236 .
the only omissions from the library are the 1973 and 1987 versions of concentration , which were licensed from nbc .	the only omissions from the library is the 1973 and 1987 versions of concentration , which were licensed from nbc .
veerapandi block is a revenue block of salem district of the indian state of tamil nadu .	veerapandi block are a revenue block of salem district of the indian state of tamil nadu .
abolitionists argue that retribution is simply revenge and can not be condoned .	abolitionists argues that retribution is simply revenge and can not be condoned .
the animals located in this valley include jackals , wild pigs , eagles , goats , buffalos and crows .	the animals located in this valley includes jackals , wild pigs , eagles , goats , buffalos and crows .
even now , necessary elements of that theory such as inflation and dark energy are ad hoc fudges .	even now , necessary elements of that theory such as inflation and dark energy is ad hoc fudges .
names like [ [ hexagon ] ] and [ [ tetrahedron ] ] follow the system , but names like [ [ triangle ] ] and [ [ cube ] ] predate the system and persist .	names like [ [ hexagon ] ] and [ [ tetrahedron ] ] follow the system , but names like [ [ triangle ] ] and [ [ cube ] ] predates the system and persist .
the career pitching record for most hit batsmen is 205 by hall-of-famer walter johnson .	the career pitching record for most hit batsmen are 205 by hall-of-famer walter johnson .
the oils used to maintain shine and moisture ( especially in chemically damaged hair ) seem to be a matter of preference , and in my circle of acquaintances different persons seem to respond differently to the same product .	the oils used to maintain shine and moisture ( especially in chemically damaged hair ) seems to be a matter of preference , and in my circle of acquaintances different persons seem to respond differently to the same product .
only 330 characters of content per student separate the top four classes in the public policy initiative .	only 330 characters of content per student separates the top four classes in the public policy initiative .
the reasons of his death - illness or suicide - are quite uncertain .	the reasons of his death - illness or suicide - is quite uncertain .
i am , but i think that many people participating in this discussion here are too much in a mood of seeing this as a race with somebody being the winner as opposed to serious encyclopedia-building .	i am , but i think that many people participating in this discussion here is too much in a mood of seeing this as a race with somebody being the winner as opposed to serious encyclopedia-building .
the weapon appears to have originated in central sudan somewhere around 1000 ad from where it spread south .	the weapon appear to have originated in central sudan somewhere around 1000 ad from where it spread south .
sports such as dressage and show jumping require some of the greatest transfers of weight , while others , such as western pleasure , require a great deal less .	sports such as dressage and show jumping requires some of the greatest transfers of weight , while others , such as western pleasure , require a great deal less .
the problem of referring with its classical not sufficient solutions needs that one includes in it the fact that there do not exist established conditions for the identity of intentional objects , according de re and de dicto .	the problem of referring with its classical not sufficient solutions need that one includes in it the fact that there do not exist established conditions for the identity of intentional objects , according de re and de dicto .
this list of characters is not notable .	this list of characters are not notable .
other forms of health insurance and private medical care are available , but low income does not prevent access to medical care for most conditions .	other forms of health insurance and private medical care is available , but low income does not prevent access to medical care for most conditions .
these uncertainties with respect to time of origin also account for the third group of neo-syriac poems , the zmiryate d-rawe .	these uncertainties with respect to time of origin also accounts for the third group of neo-syriac poems , the zmiryate d-rawe .
comment i disagree with your statement that the burden is not to prove that someone is not notable but to prove that they are notable .	comment i disagree with your statement that the burden are not to prove that someone is not notable but to prove that they are notable .
other elements , such as the celebration by a ritual meal of bread and wine , also have parallels .	other elements , such as the celebration by a ritual meal of bread and wine , also has parallels .
the active metabolites of heroin are morphine , 6-monoacetylmorphine and 3-monoacetylmorphine .	the active metabolites of heroin is morphine , 6-monoacetylmorphine and 3-monoacetylmorphine .
in contrast to the generally large consonant inventories of northeast caucasian languages , most languages in the family have relatively few vowels .	in contrast to the generally large consonant inventories of northeast caucasian languages , most languages in the family has relatively few vowels .
chapters and club ( individual ) members receive official young astronaut membership cards and certificates containing a seal that was flown in space aboard the space shuttle .	chapters and club ( individual ) members receives official young astronaut membership cards and certificates containing a seal that was flown in space aboard the space shuttle .
the need to figure out more about chi and her mysterious functions and past becomes a pull for the characters in the series .	the need to figure out more about chi and her mysterious functions and past become a pull for the characters in the series .
because of perth 's relative isolation from other australian cities , overseas artists often exclude it from their australian tour schedules .	because of perth 's relative isolation from other australian cities , overseas artists often excludes it from their australian tour schedules .
as the victim , assuming she was not seriously hurt this is a lot more notable to the article about chris brown ( entertainer ) where , alas , the detailed use of contradictory sources and unproven criminal charges is also a blp issue .	as the victim , assuming she was not seriously hurt this is a lot more notable to the article about chris brown ( entertainer ) where , alas , the detailed use of contradictory sources and unproven criminal charges are also a blp issue .
i love succinct , crisp descriptions in an encyclopedia article as much as anyone , i promise .	i love succinct , crisp descriptions in an encyclopedia article as much as anyone , i promises .
in civil law jurisdictions , courts interpret the law , but are prohibited from creating law , and thus do not issue rulings more general than the actual case to be judged .	in civil law jurisdictions , courts interprets the law , but are prohibited from creating law , and thus do not issue rulings more general than the actual case to be judged .
issues of deep integration include competition policy , investor rights , product standards , public procurement and intellectual property rights , for example .	issues of deep integration includes competition policy , investor rights , product standards , public procurement and intellectual property rights , for example .
the book is important to you and it has a family connection .	the book are important to you and it has a family connection .
artists contributing to the album include pete townshend ( the who ) , donald fagen ( steely dan ) , garth hudson ( the band ) , as well as her mother , brother and aunt .	artists contributing to the album includes pete townshend ( the who ) , donald fagen ( steely dan ) , garth hudson ( the band ) , as well as her mother , brother and aunt .
congress that the worst effects of the recent stock market crash are behind the nation , and that the american people have regained faith in the economy .	congress that the worst effects of the recent stock market crash is behind the nation , and that the american people have regained faith in the economy .
then all the assumptions of the diamond theorem are satisfied , hence l is hilbertian .	then all the assumptions of the diamond theorem is satisfied , hence l is hilbertian .
action poetry books are also available which showcase different written works of action poetry .	action poetry books is also available which showcase different written works of action poetry .
these sorts of project become notable even if they are never built , because the decision process becomes notable due to the span of political debate and public interest in the matter .	these sorts of project becomes notable even if they are never built , because the decision process becomes notable due to the span of political debate and public interest in the matter .
the trolleys run in a tunnel from the drexel university and university of pennsylvania campuses to a loop around city hall .	the trolleys runs in a tunnel from the drexel university and university of pennsylvania campuses to a loop around city hall .
references that are independent of the theater , high circulation , and specifically about the theater ( rather than just mentioning it ) are important .	references that are independent of the theater , high circulation , and specifically about the theater ( rather than just mentioning it ) is important .
the evil heroes include a variety of orcs and servants of evil from the films and novel trilogy , such as grima wormtongue , gorbag , sharku , ugluk , grishnakh , lurtz and gothmog .	the evil heroes includes a variety of orcs and servants of evil from the films and novel trilogy , such as grima wormtongue , gorbag , sharku , ugluk , grishnakh , lurtz and gothmog .
meal presentations , in which each food and its name are presented in a short skit before each meal , are a language tool implemented by almost all programs .	meal presentations , in which each food and its name are presented in a short skit before each meal , is a language tool implemented by almost all programs .
dickinson 's interests include literature , writing , fencing ( at which he has competed internationally , placing 7th in great britain , and has founded a fencing equipment company under the brand name `` duellist '' ) , railway technology and aviation .	dickinson 's interests includes literature , writing , fencing ( at which he has competed internationally , placing 7th in great britain , and has founded a fencing equipment company under the brand name `` duellist '' ) , railway technology and aviation .
the precise number of people from various categories remains unknown , but one of the estimates was 11 million `` informers '' in the soviet union , or one out of every eighteen adult citizens .	the precise number of people from various categories remain unknown , but one of the estimates was 11 million `` informers '' in the soviet union , or one out of every eighteen adult citizens .
his commercials resemble horror films ; themes of death and violence seem to amuse him , black humor is present in all of his works .	his commercials resemble horror films ; themes of death and violence seems to amuse him , black humor is present in all of his works .
the fact that the fiddle tunes in question seem to be fairly old , most of them not younger than 1750 , should strengthen the theory of existence prior to the romantic nationalist era in norway .	the fact that the fiddle tunes in question seems to be fairly old , most of them not younger than 1750 , should strengthen the theory of existence prior to the romantic nationalist era in norway .
while the patronymic and metronymic surnames , which are derived from the name of the father and mother respectively , are the most common form of a hereditary surname in spain , occupational surnames are also emerged during the late middle ages .	while the patronymic and metronymic surnames , which are derived from the name of the father and mother respectively , is the most common form of a hereditary surname in spain , occupational surnames are also emerged during the late middle ages .
at some stations with particularly short platforms ( for example bentley , in hampshire ) , even a single unit of five coaches is too long for the platform , so passengers must board and alight via a single door opened by the guard .	at some stations with particularly short platforms ( for example bentley , in hampshire ) , even a single unit of five coaches are too long for the platform , so passengers must board and alight via a single door opened by the guard .
these pages are not for exploration , but only to help the user navigate to a specific [ resource ] .	these pages is not for exploration , but only to help the user navigate to a specific [ resource ] .
the group encounters other persona-users who are working against their efforts to eradicate shadows , tartarus , and the dark hour .	the group encounter other persona-users who are working against their efforts to eradicate shadows , tartarus , and the dark hour .
actually , very few american pageant winners on the state or town level have pages .	actually , very few american pageant winners on the state or town level has pages .
potentiometer position sensors in the motor provide feedback as to the head 's absolute position at startup , so domo does not require a calibration routine before being able to function .	potentiometer position sensors in the motor provides feedback as to the head 's absolute position at startup , so domo does not require a calibration routine before being able to function .
after the showdown , the creature , riddled with bullets , falls to the streets of manhattan .	after the showdown , the creature , riddled with bullets , fall to the streets of manhattan .
the reasons for nominating this article for deletion are primarily or and pov .	the reasons for nominating this article for deletion is primarily or and pov .
works of science fiction sometimes include elements of cannibalism that serve purposes different from those already discussed .	works of science fiction sometimes includes elements of cannibalism that serve purposes different from those already discussed .
members of the staff that appear regularly on the show include co-host peterocc ( aka thm peterocc ) , ladyluck , and paustinj .	members of the staff that appear regularly on the show includes co-host peterocc ( aka thm peterocc ) , ladyluck , and paustinj .
despite this , infertility has profound effects on individuals in developing countries , as the production of children is often highly socially valued and is vital for social security and health networks as well as for family income generation .	despite this , infertility has profound effects on individuals in developing countries , as the production of children are often highly socially valued and is vital for social security and health networks as well as for family income generation .
in addition to triangles and tetrahedra , other commonly used elements in finite element simulation include quadrilateral ( 4-noded ) and hexahedral ( 8-noded ) elements in 2d and 3d , respectively .	in addition to triangles and tetrahedra , other commonly used elements in finite element simulation includes quadrilateral ( 4-noded ) and hexahedral ( 8-noded ) elements in 2d and 3d , respectively .
and the reason for the recent media reports is the information that she was source for the rivers of blood speech only emerged recently .	and the reason for the recent media reports are the information that she was source for the rivers of blood speech only emerged recently .
major historical improvements to the city 's road network include thomas telford 's holyhead road ( now part of a41 ) , which was constructed between 1819 and 1826 to improve communications between london and holyhead , and hence to ireland .	major historical improvements to the city 's road network includes thomas telford 's holyhead road ( now part of a41 ) , which was constructed between 1819 and 1826 to improve communications between london and holyhead , and hence to ireland .
keep the person is sufficiently well known to have verifiable material written on them .	keep the person are sufficiently well known to have verifiable material written on them .
traditional belief based on scriptural details and astrological calculations gives the date of krishna 's birth , known as janmashtami , as either 18 or 21 july 3228 bc .	traditional belief based on scriptural details and astrological calculations give the date of krishna 's birth , known as janmashtami , as either 18 or 21 july 3228 bc .
students enrolled in desktop publishing produce perspectives , an award winning literary magazine for which the art and graphics are provided by students enrolled in an advanced art class .	students enrolled in desktop publishing produces perspectives , an award winning literary magazine for which the art and graphics are provided by students enrolled in an advanced art class .
also , people running for office are rarely notable for doing so .	also , people running for office is rarely notable for doing so .
the main characteristic of his stories is the lucidity in style that makes the essence of the story understandable , even to a common man .	the main characteristic of his stories are the lucidity in style that makes the essence of the story understandable , even to a common man .
lipstick cameras '' are so called because the lens and sensor block combined are similar in size and appearance to a lipstick container .	lipstick cameras '' are so called because the lens and sensor block combined is similar in size and appearance to a lipstick container .
the river terminates at the surface in limestone karst terrain 9km south-south-east of cervantes , from the indian ocean coast .	the river terminate at the surface in limestone karst terrain 9km south-south-east of cervantes , from the indian ocean coast .
sights in the municipality include the rock paintings of balma dels vilars ( included in the unesco heritage list and the former agostianian monastery of santa maria de bellpuig de les avellanes .	sights in the municipality includes the rock paintings of balma dels vilars ( included in the unesco heritage list and the former agostianian monastery of santa maria de bellpuig de les avellanes .
the nearest airport is the small vermilion regional airport , located northeast of danville , illinois .	the nearest airport are the small vermilion regional airport , located northeast of danville , illinois .
the values that she enshrined and adhered to at every point in the course of a demanding life are the values of womanly virtue held sacred by countless generations of indians .	the values that she enshrined and adhered to at every point in the course of a demanding life is the values of womanly virtue held sacred by countless generations of indians .
i do n't think the signature is even necessary for the article , but putting that aside , i 'd like to make it smaller .	i do n't think the signature are even necessary for the article , but putting that aside , i 'd like to make it smaller .
these models also explain the `` debt puzzle , '' that american consumers demonstrate both short-run impatience and long-run patience in their lifecycle savings decisions .	these models also explain the `` debt puzzle , '' that american consumers demonstrates both short-run impatience and long-run patience in their lifecycle savings decisions .
non-structural efforts to increase water availability include the recent ( aug .	non-structural efforts to increase water availability includes the recent ( aug .
these disparities in aggregate spending levels also show up in functional categories such as health and education where variation among counties and among provinces is large .	these disparities in aggregate spending levels also show up in functional categories such as health and education where variation among counties and among provinces are large .
a transformer is an electrical device that transfers energy from one circuit to another by magnetic coupling with no moving parts .	a transformer are an electrical device that transfers energy from one circuit to another by magnetic coupling with no moving parts .
lastly , his mouseion ( a word invoking the muses ) seems to have contained the narrative of the contest of homer and hesiod , of which the version that has survived is the work of a grammarian in the time of hadrian , based on alcidamas .	lastly , his mouseion ( a word invoking the muses ) seems to have contained the narrative of the contest of homer and hesiod , of which the version that has survived are the work of a grammarian in the time of hadrian , based on alcidamas .
its worldwide portfolio of brands includes premium international beers such as pilsner urquell , peroni nastro azzurro , miller genuine draft and grolsch along with leading local brands such as aguila , castle , miller lite , snow , and tyskie .	its worldwide portfolio of brands include premium international beers such as pilsner urquell , peroni nastro azzurro , miller genuine draft and grolsch along with leading local brands such as aguila , castle , miller lite , snow , and tyskie .
its goal is to support and develop student exchange .	its goal are to support and develop student exchange .
true roman nicknames , fully replacing the individual 's name in usage , are rare .	true roman nicknames , fully replacing the individual 's name in usage , is rare .
pittwater has its origin from the confluence of mccarrs creek , to the west of church point and a number of smaller estuaries , the largest of which is cahill creek , that joins the pittwater north of mona vale .	pittwater has its origin from the confluence of mccarrs creek , to the west of church point and a number of smaller estuaries , the largest of which are cahill creek , that joins the pittwater north of mona vale .
the ondcp 's independent studies indicate that `` youth exposed to above the influence are more likely to initiate drug use .	the ondcp 's independent studies indicates that `` youth exposed to above the influence are more likely to initiate drug use .
names in the book are very similar to those of the main characters ( and the actors ) in the bbc comedy terry and june , so the book includes a medford , a whitfield , a scott , and a terry and june .	names in the book is very similar to those of the main characters ( and the actors ) in the bbc comedy terry and june , so the book includes a medford , a whitfield , a scott , and a terry and june .
this one is merely a request for your consideration .	this one are merely a request for your consideration .
chatroom-based implementations of the party game mafia also exist .	chatroom-based implementations of the party game mafia also exists .
card games , eating , drinking , singing and dancing are common activities in the cemetery .	card games , eating , drinking , singing and dancing is common activities in the cemetery .
box office sales , derived from its strong and loyal audience base , are the foundation of the company 's income stream .	box office sales , derived from its strong and loyal audience base , is the foundation of the company 's income stream .
students enter the program with a msw and at least several years of professional work experience .	students enters the program with a msw and at least several years of professional work experience .
characters with a high intelligence attribute , for example , have a higher probability of success when casting magic spells from a scroll , as well as an improved ability to map the dungeon .	characters with a high intelligence attribute , for example , has a higher probability of success when casting magic spells from a scroll , as well as an improved ability to map the dungeon .
the problem with common names for these diseases is that confusion is bound to appear between fish keepers living in different parts of the english speaking world .	the problem with common names for these diseases are that confusion is bound to appear between fish keepers living in different parts of the english speaking world .
articles for creation ] ] if you want registered users to help you create the page .	articles for creation ] ] if you wants registered users to help you create the page .
the affinity in these spaces is to the endeavor , not other people .	the affinity in these spaces are to the endeavor , not other people .
keep reviews have now been found and added , it meeting all requirements a book has to in order to have its own wikipedia article .	keep reviews have now been found and added , it meeting all requirements a book have to in order to have its own wikipedia article .
thermal couples which used in quartz tube furnace usually are s type .	thermal couples which used in quartz tube furnace usually is s type .
notable occupants of the mansion include herman willem daendels and sir stamford raffles .	notable occupants of the mansion includes herman willem daendels and sir stamford raffles .
today , there are no active farms on the island , but farm buildings , abandoned machinery , the old school and cemetery are reminders of the past .	today , there are no active farms on the island , but farm buildings , abandoned machinery , the old school and cemetery is reminders of the past .
as leader of the organization he holds the titles chief priest , chief pastor , holy apostle , and bishop .	as leader of the organization he hold the titles chief priest , chief pastor , holy apostle , and bishop .
the main advantage of these techniques is the possibility to monitorize a lot of meteorological information in almost real time .	the main advantage of these techniques are the possibility to monitorize a lot of meteorological information in almost real time .
uneducated people without a solid grasp of science believe a lot of stupid things .	uneducated people without a solid grasp of science believes a lot of stupid things .
so the only norms on q modulo equivalence are the absolute value , the trivial absolute value and the -adic absolute value which means that there are only as many completions ( with respect to a norm ) of q .	so the only norms on q modulo equivalence is the absolute value , the trivial absolute value and the -adic absolute value which means that there are only as many completions ( with respect to a norm ) of q .
concepts that apply to user behavior have nothing to do with article content , regardless of the article subject matter .	concepts that apply to user behavior has nothing to do with article content , regardless of the article subject matter .
the signs , due to being the same colour green as the shield , show a green sign with a white inlay border , and a green outer border .	the signs , due to being the same colour green as the shield , shows a green sign with a white inlay border , and a green outer border .
although avenir suisse 's positions , generally favoring deregulation and a reduction of government intervention , are usually not received enthusiastically in mainstream swiss politics , they do tend to generate substantial media attention .	although avenir suisse 's positions , generally favoring deregulation and a reduction of government intervention , is usually not received enthusiastically in mainstream swiss politics , they do tend to generate substantial media attention .
a nurses station is an area of a health care facility ( such as a hospital or nursing home ) where nurses and other health care staff sit behind when not working directly with patients and can perform some of their duties .	a nurses station is an area of a health care facility ( such as a hospital or nursing home ) where nurses and other health care staff sits behind when not working directly with patients and can perform some of their duties .
uses on the server include editing registration information for managed nodes and controlling the operation of the dhcp failover protocol .	uses on the server includes editing registration information for managed nodes and controlling the operation of the dhcp failover protocol .
this compilation , made up of 43 tracks , contains several of megas 's hits , from the first album titled megas ( 1972 ) to englaryk í tímaglasi ( 2002 ) .	this compilation , made up of 43 tracks , contain several of megas 's hits , from the first album titled megas ( 1972 ) to englaryk í tímaglasi ( 2002 ) .
a quick check of the articles about contributors shows most of these to be problematic in terms of notability , though richard falk would seem to have a good case .	a quick check of the articles about contributors show most of these to be problematic in terms of notability , though richard falk would seem to have a good case .
other players no longer with the team from the 2007 season are alex cintrón , darin erstad ( signed with houston ) , andy gonzález , mike myers , heath phillips , scott podsednik , and luis terrero .	other players no longer with the team from the 2007 season is alex cintrón , darin erstad ( signed with houston ) , andy gonzález , mike myers , heath phillips , scott podsednik , and luis terrero .
the direct construction of invertible sheaves by means of data on x leads to the concept of cartier divisor .	the direct construction of invertible sheaves by means of data on x lead to the concept of cartier divisor .
the other three parts of the work are entitled in the latin translation diætæ particulares ; and it seems that a hebrew translation , entitled sefer ha-mis'adim or sefer ha-ma'akalim , was made from the latin .	the other three parts of the work is entitled in the latin translation diætæ particulares ; and it seems that a hebrew translation , entitled sefer ha-mis'adim or sefer ha-ma'akalim , was made from the latin .
forgive another pun but we cater for all sorts , although the standard of contributions for articles such as this often makes me think that we should review that .	forgive another pun but we cater for all sorts , although the standard of contributions for articles such as this often make me think that we should review that .
others can cope with dry shade and are therefore ideal for planting under deciduous or evergreen trees , where nutrients and soil moisture are deficient .	others can cope with dry shade and are therefore ideal for planting under deciduous or evergreen trees , where nutrients and soil moisture is deficient .
the use of the locations was significant in thailand , where belief in ghosts is common .	the use of the locations was significant in thailand , where belief in ghosts are common .
marriage for both males and females remains principally endogamous .	marriage for both males and females remain principally endogamous .
its density in areas where the species is established , ranges from one mongoose per 60 hectares to one per two hectares .	its density in areas where the species is established , range from one mongoose per 60 hectares to one per two hectares .
this list covers primary school and secondary schools in the london borough of bromley .	this list cover primary school and secondary schools in the london borough of bromley .
research into the kinds of tolerances needed for critical systems involves a large amount of interdisciplinary work .	research into the kinds of tolerances needed for critical systems involve a large amount of interdisciplinary work .
other companies that are involved in this type of advertising are campbells ( prego thickness experiment , dominos ( encounter math ) , and the national potato board ( count your chips ) .	other companies that are involved in this type of advertising is campbells ( prego thickness experiment , dominos ( encounter math ) , and the national potato board ( count your chips ) .
this species is dark brown to blackish in color ; the naked patches of skin and the interior of the mouth are black .	this species is dark brown to blackish in color ; the naked patches of skin and the interior of the mouth is black .
prime candidates for a 4th generation aircraft , of which acquisition is considered certain , are the eurofighter typhoon , f-35 lightning ii ( jsf ) and dassault rafale .	prime candidates for a 4th generation aircraft , of which acquisition is considered certain , is the eurofighter typhoon , f-35 lightning ii ( jsf ) and dassault rafale .
suitable materials for use in vacuum forming are conventionally thermoplastics .	suitable materials for use in vacuum forming is conventionally thermoplastics .
they eventually abscond , but they return when midnight warns them that a large group of badgers plans to attack thunderclan .	they eventually abscond , but they return when midnight warns them that a large group of badgers plan to attack thunderclan .
windows on the north gable of the store part of the building suggest that the building post dates the cottages .	windows on the north gable of the store part of the building suggests that the building post dates the cottages .
i think this state of affairs is probably more destructive to the morale of contributors than the incivility itself .	i think this state of affairs are probably more destructive to the morale of contributors than the incivility itself .
although his full number of disguises is undisclosed , in `` the kidney stays in the picture '' , haley and francine examines one of rodger 's persona 's facebook page .	although his full number of disguises are undisclosed , in `` the kidney stays in the picture '' , haley and francine examines one of rodger 's persona 's facebook page .
disorders of capillary formation as a developmental problem or acquired disorder are a feature in many common and serious disorders .	disorders of capillary formation as a developmental problem or acquired disorder is a feature in many common and serious disorders .
charges of institutional discrimination in the united states housing market hold that discrimination and segregation in the united states housing market have endured despite the condemnation of discriminatory practices .	charges of institutional discrimination in the united states housing market holds that discrimination and segregation in the united states housing market have endured despite the condemnation of discriminatory practices .
his stamps as a guitarist , a songwriter , and a lead vocalist are everywhere on this disc , and thankfully , that 's what ultimately drives the release home .	his stamps as a guitarist , a songwriter , and a lead vocalist is everywhere on this disc , and thankfully , that 's what ultimately drives the release home .
many articles of expensive clothing , such as wizard 's robes , tend to be lined with vermine .	many articles of expensive clothing , such as wizard 's robes , tends to be lined with vermine .
and small businesses , like the corner bakery , are just as likely to buy the first box of paperclips they see at the local retailer as individual customers are .	and small businesses , like the corner bakery , is just as likely to buy the first box of paperclips they see at the local retailer as individual customers are .
other contemporaneous groups in the area include the parkin phase , tipton phase , menard phase , belle meade phase and the walls phase .	other contemporaneous groups in the area includes the parkin phase , tipton phase , menard phase , belle meade phase and the walls phase .
for example , the risks affecting the return of a bond portfolio include the overall level of the yield curve , the slope of the yield curve , and the credit spreads of the bonds in the portfolio .	for example , the risks affecting the return of a bond portfolio includes the overall level of the yield curve , the slope of the yield curve , and the credit spreads of the bonds in the portfolio .
people who use both tobacco and alcohol are at greater risk for developing these cancers than people who use either tobacco or alcohol alone .	people who use both tobacco and alcohol is at greater risk for developing these cancers than people who use either tobacco or alcohol alone .
journal of experimental biology by submitting a research article to jeb , the authors undertake that it has not been published previously ( this generally includes posting the article on a preprint server ) and is not under consideration for publication elsewhere .	journal of experimental biology by submitting a research article to jeb , the authors undertakes that it has not been published previously ( this generally includes posting the article on a preprint server ) and is not under consideration for publication elsewhere .
if the column of numbers appears in a table with cell padding or cell spacing , you can still align the decimal points without an unsightly gap in the middle .	if the column of numbers appear in a table with cell padding or cell spacing , you can still align the decimal points without an unsightly gap in the middle .
this self-arising fundamental substance , not produced by causes and conditions , governs all things and gives life to all things .	this self-arising fundamental substance , not produced by causes and conditions , govern all things and gives life to all things .
debo 's core career interests and focus are on energy ( especially renewable and complementary energy ) and strategy .	debo 's core career interests and focus is on energy ( especially renewable and complementary energy ) and strategy .
the ratio of the tangential velocities to the radial velocities of most of the planets is of such a size that they orbit the sun in elliptical paths with very small eccentricities ( i .	the ratio of the tangential velocities to the radial velocities of most of the planets are of such a size that they orbit the sun in elliptical paths with very small eccentricities ( i .
the discussions often become acrimonious as each candidate tries to divert blame towards the others .	the discussions often becomes acrimonious as each candidate tries to divert blame towards the others .
apart from the philosophical interest of the biographia , the work contains valuable pictures of the lam of lorne and argyllshire society in the early 19th century , of university life in glasgow and edinburgh , and a history of the north british review .	apart from the philosophical interest of the biographia , the work contain valuable pictures of the lam of lorne and argyllshire society in the early 19th century , of university life in glasgow and edinburgh , and a history of the north british review .
contributors who are the subject of a contributor copyright investigation are among contributors who have been shown to have a history of extensive copyright violation and so all of the below listed contributions may be removed indiscriminately .	contributors who are the subject of a contributor copyright investigation is among contributors who have been shown to have a history of extensive copyright violation and so all of the below listed contributions may be removed indiscriminately .
games that are available on the website are puzzles which ask you to identify safety signs children will see in their environment .	games that are available on the website is puzzles which ask you to identify safety signs children will see in their environment .
some scientists hypothesize that the tectonic processes of plate subduction and mountain building are products of erosion and sedimentation .	some scientists hypothesize that the tectonic processes of plate subduction and mountain building is products of erosion and sedimentation .
common osteoporotic fracture sites , the wrist , the hip and the spine , have a relatively high trabecular bone to cortical bone ratio .	common osteoporotic fracture sites , the wrist , the hip and the spine , has a relatively high trabecular bone to cortical bone ratio .
the rocks at the western end of the range are nummulitic , but their ageis undecided .	the rocks at the western end of the range is nummulitic , but their ageis undecided .
a united nations study finds firewood and biomass stoves can be made more efficient in india .	a united nations study find firewood and biomass stoves can be made more efficient in india .
proposals for the future sustaining use of the site include an `` arsenal of democracy '' museum , which would illustrate the many contributions made to world war ii by the automotive industry .	proposals for the future sustaining use of the site includes an `` arsenal of democracy '' museum , which would illustrate the many contributions made to world war ii by the automotive industry .
some new phones allow you to make a voice recording to use as a ringtone .	some new phones allows you to make a voice recording to use as a ringtone .
coin would be appropriate , reusing whatever bits of the discussion above are helpful for that .	coin would be appropriate , reusing whatever bits of the discussion above is helpful for that .
the light-straw color is very hard , brittle steel , but the light-blue is softer and very springy .	the light-straw color are very hard , brittle steel , but the light-blue is softer and very springy .
theatre suburbia is a small theatre , but that only refers to their physical space , not the quality of live theatre they provide .	theatre suburbia is a small theatre , but that only refers to their physical space , not the quality of live theatre they provides .
the other teams in the group are germany , sweden , austria , and kazakhstan .	the other teams in the group is germany , sweden , austria , and kazakhstan .
in all modern reptiles and most mammals and birds the maximum rates during all-out activity are 10 to 20 times higher than minimum rates while at rest .	in all modern reptiles and most mammals and birds the maximum rates during all-out activity is 10 to 20 times higher than minimum rates while at rest .
all paragraphs in this section start with a date or else include a date within the first six or so words .	all paragraphs in this section start with a date or else includes a date within the first six or so words .
final date for receiving proposals is 31 january not 1 february .	final date for receiving proposals are 31 january not 1 february .
collaboration of the universities includes various exchange programs for students and teachers .	collaboration of the universities include various exchange programs for students and teachers .
when detecting the vibrational cues of an alarm call signaling danger from predators , elephants enter a defensive posture and family groups will congregate .	when detecting the vibrational cues of an alarm call signaling danger from predators , elephants enters a defensive posture and family groups will congregate .
evaluation and econometric methods are the two approaches generally employed in estimating the size of this effect .	evaluation and econometric methods is the two approaches generally employed in estimating the size of this effect .
during a radio interview , lead singer jon hume stated `` the song is just like the meaning of the album - it 's just all about crazy over the top media ( that ) we , you know , read , see on tv .	during a radio interview , lead singer jon hume stated `` the song are just like the meaning of the album - it 's just all about crazy over the top media ( that ) we , you know , read , see on tv .
huge number of students from various other local colleges also takes part in the festival .	huge number of students from various other local colleges also take part in the festival .
my understanding of accepted norms and practices within the media is that old arrests which never resulted in convictions , are not usually mentioned , because they are prejudicial .	my understanding of accepted norms and practices within the media are that old arrests which never resulted in convictions , are not usually mentioned , because they are prejudicial .
the rules of the championship further provide that if teams tie on both match points and points difference , the team which scored the most tries wins the championship .	the rules of the championship further provide that if teams tie on both match points and points difference , the team which scored the most tries win the championship .
note that both articles in question are `` low risk '' articles , one a fictional character and the other a defunct tv show .	note that both articles in question is `` low risk '' articles , one a fictional character and the other a defunct tv show .
the combination of these two mechanisms leads to apoptosis via activation of puma , noxa and other proapoptotic proteins , resulting in mitochondrial dysfunction .	the combination of these two mechanisms lead to apoptosis via activation of puma , noxa and other proapoptotic proteins , resulting in mitochondrial dysfunction .
the terms of the credit shelter trust provide that upon the first spouse 's death , the other is left an amount in trust for the benefit of the surviving spouse up to the current federal exemption equivalent to the federal estate tax .	the terms of the credit shelter trust provides that upon the first spouse 's death , the other is left an amount in trust for the benefit of the surviving spouse up to the current federal exemption equivalent to the federal estate tax .
the five largest tram networks in the world by track length are ; melbourne , australia ( ) , the longest single tram line in the world is the belgian coast tram , which runs almost the entire length of the belgian coast .	the five largest tram networks in the world by track length is ; melbourne , australia ( ) , the longest single tram line in the world is the belgian coast tram , which runs almost the entire length of the belgian coast .
michigan 's 1997 season totals in total defense and scoring defense are the lowest marks among all big ten football teams since the 1985 season .	michigan 's 1997 season totals in total defense and scoring defense is the lowest marks among all big ten football teams since the 1985 season .
the long beach municipal auditorium was demolished in the 1960s , but a plaque marks the site of fuller 's broadcasts .	the long beach municipal auditorium was demolished in the 1960s , but a plaque mark the site of fuller 's broadcasts .
the puritans believed that marriage is a gift that was ordained by god .	the puritans believed that marriage are a gift that was ordained by god .
other names in common use include pten , mmac1 , and phosphatidylinositol-3 , 4 , 5-trisphosphate 3-phosphohydrolase .	other names in common use includes pten , mmac1 , and phosphatidylinositol-3 , 4 , 5-trisphosphate 3-phosphohydrolase .
no , the apologies are mine ; that was a big mistake on my part .	no , the apologies is mine ; that was a big mistake on my part .
place kicks in association football are the corner kick , free kick , goal kick , kick-off and penalty kick .	place kicks in association football is the corner kick , free kick , goal kick , kick-off and penalty kick .
thus , the two vertical lines on the dollar sign ultimately represent the pillars of hercules .	thus , the two vertical lines on the dollar sign ultimately represents the pillars of hercules .
nlt specifically says that blocks are considered on a case-by-case basis , and the comments on the user 's talk page are a discussion of the reason behind the original 24 hour block ( which would have been appropriate in any case for disruption ) .	nlt specifically says that blocks are considered on a case-by-case basis , and the comments on the user 's talk page is a discussion of the reason behind the original 24 hour block ( which would have been appropriate in any case for disruption ) .
the left head directs the left arm and right head directs the right arm during combat .	the left head direct the left arm and right head directs the right arm during combat .
the magazine features celebrities on the cover and the most exciting movies opening each month .	the magazine feature celebrities on the cover and the most exciting movies opening each month .
the optical tertiary component is of magnitude 9 .	the optical tertiary component are of magnitude 9 .
leaks in the distribution system are a major cause of concern for drinking water quality .	leaks in the distribution system is a major cause of concern for drinking water quality .
other grounds for refusal of a gun license include being a conscientious objector or living with persons who may gain access to the firearms and abuse them ( e .	other grounds for refusal of a gun license includes being a conscientious objector or living with persons who may gain access to the firearms and abuse them ( e .
documents from that meeting are here .	documents from that meeting is here .
works published by the institute in the 19th century continue to show high cognitive value .	works published by the institute in the 19th century continues to show high cognitive value .
the three main parts of the building are linked by a large , roughly rectangular social area , known as the street , which houses the cafeteria , stage and main meeting area for pupils during breaks .	the three main parts of the building is linked by a large , roughly rectangular social area , known as the street , which houses the cafeteria , stage and main meeting area for pupils during breaks .
the first essays of the genre are at the end of the 16th century .	the first essays of the genre is at the end of the 16th century .
the tubes that comprise the pore surface on the underside of the cap are deep ; the angular pores are up to 2 .	the tubes that comprise the pore surface on the underside of the cap is deep ; the angular pores are up to 2 .
a list ( or category , or both ) of notable drive-in theatres might be appropriate , but a list of links to drive-in theatres is most definitly not .	a list ( or category , or both ) of notable drive-in theatres might be appropriate , but a list of links to drive-in theatres are most definitly not .
the money paid for the seats by the players constitutes the prize money .	the money paid for the seats by the players constitute the prize money .
ships taking visit to port are usually under a certain kind of contract , chartered or responsible for carrying goods as a carrier .	ships taking visit to port is usually under a certain kind of contract , chartered or responsible for carrying goods as a carrier .
implied in this measure is the extent to which the usage of communications devices and internet services creates efficiencies for business and citizens , and the extent to which this usage is leveraged in the development of information and communications technology ( ict ) industries .	implied in this measure is the extent to which the usage of communications devices and internet services create efficiencies for business and citizens , and the extent to which this usage is leveraged in the development of information and communications technology ( ict ) industries .
some causes of the nervous system abnormality include problems during pregnancy , birth or early infancy , brain trauma at a young age , exposure to toxins , and prematurity .	some causes of the nervous system abnormality includes problems during pregnancy , birth or early infancy , brain trauma at a young age , exposure to toxins , and prematurity .
the moraine landscape of northern poland contains soils made up mostly of sand or loam , while the ice age river valleys of the south often contain loess .	the moraine landscape of northern poland contains soils made up mostly of sand or loam , while the ice age river valleys of the south often contains loess .
reflections in a plane combined with translation in that plane by the same distance are in the same class .	reflections in a plane combined with translation in that plane by the same distance is in the same class .
the high temperatures at which the annealing process occurs serve to accelerate this process .	the high temperatures at which the annealing process occurs serves to accelerate this process .
physicians in the urgent care fellowship program receive training in the many disciplines that an urgent care physician needs to master .	physicians in the urgent care fellowship program receives training in the many disciplines that an urgent care physician needs to master .
brothers who have been admitted to the program through an application process take part in a multi day hike that is led by an alumni mentor and experienced guide .	brothers who have been admitted to the program through an application process takes part in a multi day hike that is led by an alumni mentor and experienced guide .
world target competition , and any other nation that is able to take 3 of the remaining 37 places ) is able to have its three archers compete as a team in the team competition .	world target competition , and any other nation that is able to take 3 of the remaining 37 places ) are able to have its three archers compete as a team in the team competition .
the factors that affect an object 's gravitational potential energy are its height relative to some reference point , its mass , and the strength of the gravitational field it is in .	the factors that affect an object 's gravitational potential energy is its height relative to some reference point , its mass , and the strength of the gravitational field it is in .
however , the mainstream view of historians is that though there were many attempts at forming an alliance , the attempts proved unsuccessful .	however , the mainstream view of historians are that though there were many attempts at forming an alliance , the attempts proved unsuccessful .
most wealthy democracies , for instance , spend substantial sums of money on domestic programs .	most wealthy democracies , for instance , spends substantial sums of money on domestic programs .
comment if this gets redirected i would redirect it to bill o'reilly which is where i , and my good guess , most people today know it from .	comment if this gets redirected i would redirect it to bill o'reilly which is where i , and my good guess , most people today knows it from .
a most engaging and important book , as accessible as it is profound .	a most engaging and important book , as accessible as it are profound .
i wonder whether the real reason to have two articles is just so that the two warring camps can have separate playpens to retreat to so they do n't have to fight head-to-head all the time .	i wonder whether the real reason to have two articles are just so that the two warring camps can have separate playpens to retreat to so they do n't have to fight head-to-head all the time .
the hilton head island area is home to a vast array of wildlife , including alligators , deer , loggerhead sea turtles , manatee , hundreds of species of birds , and dolphins .	the hilton head island area are home to a vast array of wildlife , including alligators , deer , loggerhead sea turtles , manatee , hundreds of species of birds , and dolphins .
the number of sources is not everything .	the number of sources are not everything .
the fate of editors who do that is usually short and unfortunate .	the fate of editors who do that are usually short and unfortunate .
the benefits of the standard cell library design methodology are many but compared to full-custom ic design there is a large gap between what can be achieved when comparing the two methodologies in terms of highest possible operating frequency , lowest possible die area and power consumption .	the benefits of the standard cell library design methodology is many but compared to full-custom ic design there is a large gap between what can be achieved when comparing the two methodologies in terms of highest possible operating frequency , lowest possible die area and power consumption .
much thanks and gratitude to anyone who can explain this to me , because my current internship ( which ends in 2 days ) depends on this question .	much thanks and gratitude to anyone who can explain this to me , because my current internship ( which ends in 2 days ) depend on this question .
visually , the style promotes the functional printed circuit board as an aesthetic by incorporating it with abstracts or appropriations of nature , or , different familiar styles .	visually , the style promote the functional printed circuit board as an aesthetic by incorporating it with abstracts or appropriations of nature , or , different familiar styles .
self-conscious emotions , such as guilt , shame , embarrassment , and pride , are emotions that relate to our sense of self and our consciousness of others ' reactions to us .	self-conscious emotions , such as guilt , shame , embarrassment , and pride , is emotions that relate to our sense of self and our consciousness of others ' reactions to us .
plans for construction of a new fire test facility are underway , and current capabilities will be enhanced by enabling simulation of actual fire scenarios on a larger scale .	plans for construction of a new fire test facility is underway , and current capabilities will be enhanced by enabling simulation of actual fire scenarios on a larger scale .
additionally , the avars formed a significant part of the population of the carpathian basin at the end of the 9th century ; both contemporary sources and a growing number of archaeological evidence suggest that groups of the avars survived the disintegration of their empire .	additionally , the avars formed a significant part of the population of the carpathian basin at the end of the 9th century ; both contemporary sources and a growing number of archaeological evidence suggests that groups of the avars survived the disintegration of their empire .
models for climate behavior are frequently inconclusive .	models for climate behavior is frequently inconclusive .
however , i feel that the ambiguity of protagonists and antagonists is a deliberate literary device .	however , i feel that the ambiguity of protagonists and antagonists are a deliberate literary device .
ibn khaldun noted that growth and development positively stimulate both supply and demand , and that the forces of supply and demand are what determine the prices of goods .	ibn khaldun noted that growth and development positively stimulate both supply and demand , and that the forces of supply and demand is what determine the prices of goods .
a combat expert with seven tails , she too holds the title of general .	a combat expert with seven tails , she too hold the title of general .
it is often advised in such a case , if you truly think that links to a site you run are helpful to articles , that you propose them on the talk page , and allow other editors to judge if they are a good idea or not .	it is often advised in such a case , if you truly think that links to a site you run is helpful to articles , that you propose them on the talk page , and allow other editors to judge if they are a good idea or not .
the next level of defined media , below chemically defined media is protein-free media .	the next level of defined media , below chemically defined media are protein-free media .
other classes of drugs used or proposed for the treatment of depression include buprenorphine , non-pharmaceutical approaches to the treatment of depression include psychotherapy , electro-convulsive therapy , acupuncture , exercise , sleep deprivation and bright light exposure .	other classes of drugs used or proposed for the treatment of depression include buprenorphine , non-pharmaceutical approaches to the treatment of depression includes psychotherapy , electro-convulsive therapy , acupuncture , exercise , sleep deprivation and bright light exposure .
that is because if final girl were a more finished article , it would tell the reader about the disputes that critics have , amongst themselves , over which characters in film and on television actually constitute final girls .	that is because if final girl were a more finished article , it would tell the reader about the disputes that critics have , amongst themselves , over which characters in film and on television actually constitutes final girls .
the charleston southern buccaneers men 's basketball team is the men 's basketball team that represents charleston southern university in north charleston , south carolina , united states .	the charleston southern buccaneers men 's basketball team are the men 's basketball team that represents charleston southern university in north charleston , south carolina , united states .
this principle states that the decisions made by any one cabinet member become the responsibility of the entire cabinet .	this principle states that the decisions made by any one cabinet member becomes the responsibility of the entire cabinet .
major uses of drug testing are to detect the presence of performance enhancing steroids in sport or for drugs prohibited by laws , such as cannabis , cocaine and heroin .	major uses of drug testing is to detect the presence of performance enhancing steroids in sport or for drugs prohibited by laws , such as cannabis , cocaine and heroin .
one of the practices through which photography constitutes society is tourism .	one of the practices through which photography constitutes society are tourism .
for future reference , please note that arguments based solely in notability by association have no basis in policy and may be ( in this case , were ) discounted .	for future reference , please note that arguments based solely in notability by association has no basis in policy and may be ( in this case , were ) discounted .
it follows that the interface between managers and systems designers is critical , and mutual understanding must be fostered to maximize returns from design efforts .	it follows that the interface between managers and systems designers are critical , and mutual understanding must be fostered to maximize returns from design efforts .
the details of how the internet traffic is paid for are quite complex .	the details of how the internet traffic is paid for is quite complex .
the line is in zurich 's hottingen and fluntern suburbs on the south slope of the adlisberg mountain .	the line are in zurich 's hottingen and fluntern suburbs on the south slope of the adlisberg mountain .
the two boys , seeing that their mother has found happiness at last with the king , are reluctant to tell either her or the police about the abuse .	the two boys , seeing that their mother has found happiness at last with the king , is reluctant to tell either her or the police about the abuse .
the neighborhood is historically significant due to its association with the development of rail transportation in maryland .	the neighborhood are historically significant due to its association with the development of rail transportation in maryland .
major providers of telephone interpretation in the united states include language line services , cyracom international and pacific interpreters .	major providers of telephone interpretation in the united states includes language line services , cyracom international and pacific interpreters .
only the outside cards of each group are available , until by their removal the next ones are released , the principle being that no card can be used that has another outside it .	only the outside cards of each group is available , until by their removal the next ones are released , the principle being that no card can be used that has another outside it .
next stage is darkoot base-camp ( often quoted as chikaar base ) .	next stage are darkoot base-camp ( often quoted as chikaar base ) .
the complex of buildings surrounds a rectangular garden taking up a city block that is on the haarlem hofje route .	the complex of buildings surround a rectangular garden taking up a city block that is on the haarlem hofje route .
the huge variety in shapes and types of machining cutters requires flexibility in usage .	the huge variety in shapes and types of machining cutters require flexibility in usage .
any site that posts song lyrics and is n't a record company or the band itself .	any site that posts song lyrics and are n't a record company or the band itself .
chapter 1 begins with a promise by the narrator to engage the reader with an analysis of contemporary thought , `` but the grand scheme degenerates immediately into nonsensical and ignorant chatter .	chapter 1 begin with a promise by the narrator to engage the reader with an analysis of contemporary thought , `` but the grand scheme degenerates immediately into nonsensical and ignorant chatter .
by the latter half of the century , however , improving transport and communications meant that even remote parts of the empire had access to publications such as the magazine the builder , which helped colonial architects keep informed about current fashion .	by the latter half of the century , however , improving transport and communications meant that even remote parts of the empire had access to publications such as the magazine the builder , which helped colonial architects keeps informed about current fashion .
the lower case letters ( e , s , a , b , l ) are system constants describing the contribution of the aerosol phase to the sorption process .	the lower case letters ( e , s , a , b , l ) is system constants describing the contribution of the aerosol phase to the sorption process .
other varieties of play for the solitaire round include elevens , calculation ( also known as broken intervals ) , and monte carlo ( also known as weddings and double and quits ) .	other varieties of play for the solitaire round includes elevens , calculation ( also known as broken intervals ) , and monte carlo ( also known as weddings and double and quits ) .
the reason for only blocking in extreme cases is clear , admins should n't offend editors who might have a lot of work on wikipedia behind them and get involved in a heated debate by blocking them right away .	the reason for only blocking in extreme cases are clear , admins should n't offend editors who might have a lot of work on wikipedia behind them and get involved in a heated debate by blocking them right away .
the hurtful things are not his own work , they come in the main from daniel brandt , who in turn picked them up form some conspiracy theorist somewhere .	the hurtful things are not his own work , they comes in the main from daniel brandt , who in turn picked them up form some conspiracy theorist somewhere .
bone and joint ailments like hip dysplasia are generally not a problem , nor is bloat .	bone and joint ailments like hip dysplasia is generally not a problem , nor is bloat .
the arab sources outlined above mainly deal with the background and aftermath , and none of them have more than one short sentence on the entire operation ( which in the article is quite long ) .	the arab sources outlined above mainly deal with the background and aftermath , and none of them has more than one short sentence on the entire operation ( which in the article is quite long ) .
because private capital is compounded by infrastructural resources held in common , supporters of progressive taxation argue that rich individuals and businesses should be called upon to support the infrastructures that enable the acquisition and maintenance of their wealth .	because private capital is compounded by infrastructural resources held in common , supporters of progressive taxation argues that rich individuals and businesses should be called upon to support the infrastructures that enable the acquisition and maintenance of their wealth .
the hosts of cult fame are notable themselves , but notability is not inherited .	the hosts of cult fame is notable themselves , but notability is not inherited .
in 2013 the village of avilla , missouri is considered one of the living ghost towns of historic route 66 and long established family traditions in livestock raising and agriculture continue in the region .	in 2013 the village of avilla , missouri is considered one of the living ghost towns of historic route 66 and long established family traditions in livestock raising and agriculture continues in the region .
the fountains , one of which originates already from the of the 13th century that was later adapted for use with the water system , are still in good condition .	the fountains , one of which originates already from the of the 13th century that was later adapted for use with the water system , is still in good condition .
a look through several generations of clerics in seminaries shows significant differences in viewpoints and practical approaches .	a look through several generations of clerics in seminaries show significant differences in viewpoints and practical approaches .
the normal sections of taxonomy , physical description and distribution are good content wise ( though need a serious copy-edit and lots of citations ) .	the normal sections of taxonomy , physical description and distribution is good content wise ( though need a serious copy-edit and lots of citations ) .
the village is home to the jungle bay resort and spa .	the village are home to the jungle bay resort and spa .
island ecosystems may be more prone to invasion because their species faced few strong competitors and predators , or because their distance from colonizing species populations makes them more likely to have `` open '' niches .	island ecosystems may be more prone to invasion because their species faced few strong competitors and predators , or because their distance from colonizing species populations make them more likely to have `` open '' niches .
promotion is always positive ; commodities are presented as the road to happiness .	promotion are always positive ; commodities are presented as the road to happiness .
no doubt the fact that it premiered in various other sources , subject to various modifications , is no good for commentary either .	no doubt the fact that it premiered in various other sources , subject to various modifications , are no good for commentary either .
i suspect that the only people with any semblance of that kind knowledge have access to a plethora of primary sources that are most likely written in something resembling latin .	i suspect that the only people with any semblance of that kind knowledge has access to a plethora of primary sources that are most likely written in something resembling latin .
obviously activities that build a sense of community are in order , but they should be carried out in an appropriate manner .	obviously activities that build a sense of community is in order , but they should be carried out in an appropriate manner .
links to another processor unit are over copper cables .	links to another processor unit is over copper cables .
daedalus , whose words put a certain cantankerous old man into the shade with his abuse .	daedalus , whose words puts a certain cantankerous old man into the shade with his abuse .
schools in the district include oroville high school , prospect high school , las plumas high school , the oroville adult education career and technical center , and a community day school .	schools in the district includes oroville high school , prospect high school , las plumas high school , the oroville adult education career and technical center , and a community day school .
although the song is in english language , it contains a verse sung in french language .	although the song are in english language , it contains a verse sung in french language .
the things that a touch judge can indicate with the flag are slightly different to that of an assistant referee .	the things that a touch judge can indicate with the flag is slightly different to that of an assistant referee .
the discussion below convinces me that there is no there there .	the discussion below convinces me that there are no there there .
input methods based on phonetic transcription which do not require the user to know how to write the character by hand are the most popular , because they are easier to use .	input methods based on phonetic transcription which do not require the user to know how to write the character by hand is the most popular , because they are easier to use .
many establishments along a stretch of arenas road in downtown palm springs are gay-oriented and serve as the center of the annual white party .	many establishments along a stretch of arenas road in downtown palm springs is gay-oriented and serve as the center of the annual white party .
the genes that cause this dimorphism in style size are the subject of current research .	the genes that cause this dimorphism in style size is the subject of current research .
letters with asterisk are dwarvish only , values in brackets elvish only .	letters with asterisk is dwarvish only , values in brackets elvish only .
due to the biological complexity of gene expression , the considerations of experimental design that are discussed in the expression profiling article are of critical importance if statistically and biologically valid conclusions are to be drawn from the data .	due to the biological complexity of gene expression , the considerations of experimental design that are discussed in the expression profiling article is of critical importance if statistically and biologically valid conclusions are to be drawn from the data .
as a result , trackback spam filters similar to those implemented against comment spam now exist in many weblog publishing systems .	as a result , trackback spam filters similar to those implemented against comment spam now exists in many weblog publishing systems .
the gateways on either side of the road across the dam are typical of the kerala and tamil architectural styles .	the gateways on either side of the road across the dam is typical of the kerala and tamil architectural styles .
a website with millions of edits is not notable .	a website with millions of edits are not notable .
other locales where this genus is an important component of the ecosystem include the carolina bays , the sandhills of the carolinas and elsewhere , mulga scrub in australia , and the xeric grasslands around lake turkana in africa .	other locales where this genus is an important component of the ecosystem includes the carolina bays , the sandhills of the carolinas and elsewhere , mulga scrub in australia , and the xeric grasslands around lake turkana in africa .
the six episodes of the series are available in a 2 dvd set in germany , packaged in a replica of the prop used as the `` outer case enclosure '' for the tv series ' guide prop .	the six episodes of the series is available in a 2 dvd set in germany , packaged in a replica of the prop used as the `` outer case enclosure '' for the tv series ' guide prop .
where more extensive data are available , various types of procedure for statistical model validation are available , in particular for regression model validation .	where more extensive data are available , various types of procedure for statistical model validation is available , in particular for regression model validation .
another important aspect in terms of legal issues is insurance .	another important aspect in terms of legal issues are insurance .
scent glands near the mouth , on the throat , and on the belly allow kinkajous to mark their territory and their travel routes .	scent glands near the mouth , on the throat , and on the belly allows kinkajous to mark their territory and their travel routes .
the most important aspects for the success of bone distraction are an intact medullary blood supply , preservation of soft-tissue envelope , primarily the periosteum ( which helps preserve the blood supply ) and secondarly bone marrow and the stability of the fixator .	the most important aspects for the success of bone distraction is an intact medullary blood supply , preservation of soft-tissue envelope , primarily the periosteum ( which helps preserve the blood supply ) and secondarly bone marrow and the stability of the fixator .
the uncertainty embedded in these factors accumulates and makes it difficult to determine how much electricity will be consumed in the future .	the uncertainty embedded in these factors accumulates and make it difficult to determine how much electricity will be consumed in the future .
the day-to-day problems faced by the air traffic control system are primarily related to the volume of air traffic demand placed on the system and weather .	the day-to-day problems faced by the air traffic control system is primarily related to the volume of air traffic demand placed on the system and weather .
his periodic reference to religious matters suggests that he was a man of faith , but that was probably the norm among mid-18th century new englanders .	his periodic reference to religious matters suggest that he was a man of faith , but that was probably the norm among mid-18th century new englanders .
clips from the video have , however , leaked on to the internet , appearing on the video sharing website youtube .	clips from the video has , however , leaked on to the internet , appearing on the video sharing website youtube .
the current public safety minister is steven blaney , who is styled simply as minister of public safety .	the current public safety minister are steven blaney , who is styled simply as minister of public safety .
the title plays on the man from uncle ; `` auntie '' is a nickname for the bbc ) .	the title play on the man from uncle ; `` auntie '' is a nickname for the bbc ) .
the axes in the moving frame are orthogonal ( even though they do not look so ) .	the axes in the moving frame is orthogonal ( even though they do not look so ) .
the word comes from the ancient greek paidagogos , the slave who took little boys to and from school as part of paideia .	the word come from the ancient greek paidagogos , the slave who took little boys to and from school as part of paideia .
players interact with dozens of characters and use more than 250 found objects to solve puzzles , as jack moves closer to solving the mystery of his past and how it ties in with the present .	players interacts with dozens of characters and use more than 250 found objects to solve puzzles , as jack moves closer to solving the mystery of his past and how it ties in with the present .
the lack of coverage by reliable sources seems , to me at least , to indicate that the subject needs no attention in the encyclopedia .	the lack of coverage by reliable sources seems , to me at least , to indicate that the subject need no attention in the encyclopedia .
the number of links that will be affected is small .	the number of links that will be affected are small .
though this idea might not be appealing to the those that believe crime is solely the failure of a rational choice decision , this phenomenon has caught the attention of many americans .	though this idea might not be appealing to the those that believe crime are solely the failure of a rational choice decision , this phenomenon has caught the attention of many americans .
the only way to achieve such high energies is through high energy collisions .	the only way to achieve such high energies are through high energy collisions .
many accounts of the development of expertise emphasize that it comes about through long periods of deliberate practice .	many accounts of the development of expertise emphasizes that it comes about through long periods of deliberate practice .
if an antecedent refers to a thing , either specific or generic , rather than a person , the appropriate pronoun to refer back to it is it , and no difficulty arises .	if an antecedent refer to a thing , either specific or generic , rather than a person , the appropriate pronoun to refer back to it is it , and no difficulty arises .
emission of photons from atoms in various excited states leads to an electromagnetic spectrum showing a series of characteristic emission lines ( including , in the case of the hydrogen atom , the lyman , balmer , paschen and brackett series .	emission of photons from atoms in various excited states lead to an electromagnetic spectrum showing a series of characteristic emission lines ( including , in the case of the hydrogen atom , the lyman , balmer , paschen and brackett series .
plaques dedicating the pavement completion and describing the significance of this segment are on display at the rest area .	plaques dedicating the pavement completion and describing the significance of this segment is on display at the rest area .
many companies will stop providing support after an allotted time although some companies provide support for as long as the individual needs it .	many companies will stop providing support after an allotted time although some companies provides support for as long as the individual needs it .
deletion debates are about whether our guidelines and policies have been followed correctly ; i feel that in this case , they have .	deletion debates is about whether our guidelines and policies have been followed correctly ; i feel that in this case , they have .
the mine consists of a straight , narrow corridor , gradually becoming wider and more contorted , in the end almost forming a botch .	the mine consist of a straight , narrow corridor , gradually becoming wider and more contorted , in the end almost forming a botch .
both versions of the song and the music video are identical except for the language used .	both versions of the song and the music video is identical except for the language used .
as has already been pointed out , the claims to notability in this article are clearly not a hoax .	as has already been pointed out , the claims to notability in this article is clearly not a hoax .
errors in speech production are relatively rare occurring at a rate of about once in every 900 words in spontaneous speech .	errors in speech production is relatively rare occurring at a rate of about once in every 900 words in spontaneous speech .
the musical works he releases on his own record label cosmic volume are often part of these sound-art installations .	the musical works he releases on his own record label cosmic volume is often part of these sound-art installations .
sometimes large amounts of dust or powder are vulnerable to combustion and their ignition can cause dust explosions .	sometimes large amounts of dust or powder is vulnerable to combustion and their ignition can cause dust explosions .
the descendants of the royal family still live in the palace .	the descendants of the royal family still lives in the palace .
in spanish , the usage of impersonal verbs stands alone , and involves using a third-person conjugation .	in spanish , the usage of impersonal verbs stand alone , and involves using a third-person conjugation .
parts of its drainage basin are subject to flooding .	parts of its drainage basin is subject to flooding .
other places of note in the vicinity include the following .	other places of note in the vicinity includes the following .
a group of predators ( the aliens from the predator movies ) arrives on earth and begins hunting various cgw heroes .	a group of predators ( the aliens from the predator movies ) arrive on earth and begins hunting various cgw heroes .
a basic plot summary is a core part of encyclopedic coverage of a fictional subject , with the amount of plot summary necessary being proportional to the complexity of the work .	a basic plot summary are a core part of encyclopedic coverage of a fictional subject , with the amount of plot summary necessary being proportional to the complexity of the work .
the roots of the sound , and the genre 's name , however go back to the album proud , created by alan jansson in 1993-94 , where jansson merged hip-hop beats with acoustic instruments .	the roots of the sound , and the genre 's name , however goes back to the album proud , created by alan jansson in 1993-94 , where jansson merged hip-hop beats with acoustic instruments .
subsidies to the energy supply industry are still common in some countries .	subsidies to the energy supply industry is still common in some countries .
at roughly one square mile , the campus is among the largest in the state .	at roughly one square mile , the campus are among the largest in the state .
betty 's two passions in life are darts and food .	betty 's two passions in life is darts and food .
at altitude , when the ground can not be seen , dust particles in the air give the impression of movement and speed .	at altitude , when the ground can not be seen , dust particles in the air gives the impression of movement and speed .
where it deviates from most forms of fascism is that it works from the assumption that all men , irrespective of race , skin color or nationality , are equal in their being a muslim or in their ability to become a muslim .	where it deviates from most forms of fascism is that it works from the assumption that all men , irrespective of race , skin color or nationality , is equal in their being a muslim or in their ability to become a muslim .
oh , and if the option to move posts between threads is available somewhere , that also would suffice .	oh , and if the option to move posts between threads are available somewhere , that also would suffice .
the eyes and the nervous system do the sensing , the mind does the perceiving .	the eyes and the nervous system does the sensing , the mind does the perceiving .
the ability to handle pages as individual objects means that it is well suited to loose-leaf publications .	the ability to handle pages as individual objects mean that it is well suited to loose-leaf publications .
most of his teammates were white , and competitions in football , baseball , and basketball are explicitly team efforts , so i feel confident in concluding that at least the bulk of his teenage athletic competitions were not segregated .	most of his teammates were white , and competitions in football , baseball , and basketball is explicitly team efforts , so i feel confident in concluding that at least the bulk of his teenage athletic competitions were not segregated .
the addition of weak acids helps to neutralize these basic materials , greatly reducing their danger .	the addition of weak acids help to neutralize these basic materials , greatly reducing their danger .
the 2700 and 2750 classes are two related types of diesel multiple unit operated by iarnród éireann .	the 2700 and 2750 classes is two related types of diesel multiple unit operated by iarnród éireann .
note people featured on the same line indicate that they are featured on the same slot as an alternative attire or can be accessed through pressing the z button .	note people featured on the same line indicates that they are featured on the same slot as an alternative attire or can be accessed through pressing the z button .
do not tell the kenophile that you suffer from toe fungus , flatulence , or excessive body odor as these conditions turn on most kenophiles .	do not tell the kenophile that you suffer from toe fungus , flatulence , or excessive body odor as these conditions turns on most kenophiles .
like any pinball game , the main objective is to get points , using the different modes of advances to score them at a higher rate .	like any pinball game , the main objective are to get points , using the different modes of advances to score them at a higher rate .
the city is home to eastern illinois university and has close ties with its neighbor mattoon , illinois .	the city are home to eastern illinois university and has close ties with its neighbor mattoon , illinois .
larger amounts of texture memory allow for more detailed scenes .	larger amounts of texture memory allows for more detailed scenes .
most environmental groups involved with the decommissioning plan , as well as the national forest service , believe that the long term benefits of removing the dam far outweigh the short term damage done by flushed sedimentation .	most environmental groups involved with the decommissioning plan , as well as the national forest service , believes that the long term benefits of removing the dam far outweigh the short term damage done by flushed sedimentation .
for example , if the example networks from the preceding section have an additional identical t-section added to the left-hand side , then the networks remain topologically symmetric and antimetric .	for example , if the example networks from the preceding section has an additional identical t-section added to the left-hand side , then the networks remain topologically symmetric and antimetric .
these approximate periods for each stage of a dispute settlement procedure are target figures the agreement is flexible .	these approximate periods for each stage of a dispute settlement procedure is target figures the agreement is flexible .
only people who can demonstrate a connection to the sector are eligible to run in a functional constituency .	only people who can demonstrate a connection to the sector is eligible to run in a functional constituency .
i think the people in the music industry are not really that well known for their music at the moment .	i think the people in the music industry is not really that well known for their music at the moment .
the song 's meaning is not immediately clear .	the song 's meaning are not immediately clear .
the airline 's strong association with these island communities continues today .	the airline 's strong association with these island communities continue today .
the command `` waitkey '' waits till the operator press someone key for continue the execution .	the command `` waitkey '' waits till the operator press someone key for continues the execution .
the lid of the vessel is in the form of a saddle , and straps attaching the saddle to the rhinoceros go around the belly of the animal , suggesting that the model for this vessel must have been a tame rhinoceros .	the lid of the vessel is in the form of a saddle , and straps attaching the saddle to the rhinoceros goes around the belly of the animal , suggesting that the model for this vessel must have been a tame rhinoceros .
the most widely known of these are situated in the west of ireland , mostly in munster , but other areas of the country have their own individual resorts as well .	the most widely known of these are situated in the west of ireland , mostly in munster , but other areas of the country has their own individual resorts as well .
the most notable differences between the traditional payment option arm and the hybrid payment option arm are in the start rate , also known as the `` minimum payment '' rate .	the most notable differences between the traditional payment option arm and the hybrid payment option arm is in the start rate , also known as the `` minimum payment '' rate .
they have the same relation to ( colored symmetric ) operads , also called symmetric multicategories , that simplicial sets have to categories .	they have the same relation to ( colored symmetric ) operads , also called symmetric multicategories , that simplicial sets has to categories .
major lakes in the area include the lake keurusselkä in keuruu and the lake pihlajavesi in pihlajavesi .	major lakes in the area includes the lake keurusselkä in keuruu and the lake pihlajavesi in pihlajavesi .
the age groups for this event are girls born in 1992 or 1993 and boys born in 1990 and 1991 .	the age groups for this event is girls born in 1992 or 1993 and boys born in 1990 and 1991 .
anne screams that her father is innocent .	anne screams that her father are innocent .
statistics on the use of physical force by law enforcement are available .	statistics on the use of physical force by law enforcement is available .
the trucks of a skateboard are metal axle assemblies , mounted to the underneath of the deck .	the trucks of a skateboard is metal axle assemblies , mounted to the underneath of the deck .
her students include andras schiff , zoltán kocsis , ivan fischer , dezső ránki , sylvia sass , xaver varnus and veronika kincses .	her students includes andras schiff , zoltán kocsis , ivan fischer , dezső ránki , sylvia sass , xaver varnus and veronika kincses .
the characteristics of the interference pattern depend on the nature of the light source and the precise orientation of the mirrors and beam splitter .	the characteristics of the interference pattern depends on the nature of the light source and the precise orientation of the mirrors and beam splitter .
the techniques of photography are not very hard to master .	the techniques of photography is not very hard to master .
as a matter of public policy , the law aims to respect the reasonable expectations of all parties involved in the dispute .	as a matter of public policy , the law aim to respect the reasonable expectations of all parties involved in the dispute .
a terrain park , featuring rails , boxes , and jumps , is available to freestyle skiers and snowboarders .	a terrain park , featuring rails , boxes , and jumps , are available to freestyle skiers and snowboarders .
today , the challenges of definition span a range from new zealand 's with one officially recognized ethnic minority to china 's with 55 .	today , the challenges of definition spans a range from new zealand 's with one officially recognized ethnic minority to china 's with 55 .
the livescribe connect service , launched in may 2011 , allows pencasts to be sent through e-mail , evernote , facebook , google docs , and other methods .	the livescribe connect service , launched in may 2011 , allow pencasts to be sent through e-mail , evernote , facebook , google docs , and other methods .
a few businesses closed after the opening of a branch of supermarket chain sainsbury 's , but the town retains much of its character .	a few businesses closed after the opening of a branch of supermarket chain sainsbury 's , but the town retain much of its character .
also , all three movies he has been part of are available at major retailers like wal-mart , amazon , and christian retailers .	also , all three movies he has been part of is available at major retailers like wal-mart , amazon , and christian retailers .
the three arms at state level are the executive , the legislative and the judiciary .	the three arms at state level is the executive , the legislative and the judiciary .
good examples of this type of venture philanthropy are the robin hood foundation in new york city and tipping point community in the san francisco bay area .	good examples of this type of venture philanthropy is the robin hood foundation in new york city and tipping point community in the san francisco bay area .
a set of mock-up level crossing gates have been installed to show the railway 's existence here , and sections of rail remain in the macadam of the road .	a set of mock-up level crossing gates have been installed to show the railway 's existence here , and sections of rail remains in the macadam of the road .
the basic characteristics that describe the life process of human include energy field , openness , pattern , and pan-dimensionality .	the basic characteristics that describe the life process of human includes energy field , openness , pattern , and pan-dimensionality .
forest service 's smokey bear , and national park service employees today still wear the distinctive campaign hat ( or `` flat hat '' as rangers call it ) when in class a uniform , a direct link back to the 19th century .	forest service 's smokey bear , and national park service employees today still wears the distinctive campaign hat ( or `` flat hat '' as rangers call it ) when in class a uniform , a direct link back to the 19th century .
alumni of the dance department at the college include macarthur genius grant awardee meredith monk and choreographer john jasperse .	alumni of the dance department at the college includes macarthur genius grant awardee meredith monk and choreographer john jasperse .
another similar inflammatory cns disorder of dogs is granulomatous meningoencephalitis ( gme ) .	another similar inflammatory cns disorder of dogs are granulomatous meningoencephalitis ( gme ) .
if i need continue , then i shall note that the only two google hits for the name of the party are his userpage and a reference to an apparently unrelated historic political party in 1837 .	if i need continue , then i shall note that the only two google hits for the name of the party is his userpage and a reference to an apparently unrelated historic political party in 1837 .
numerous video games involving air combat typically provide tutorials on acms , including the split s .	numerous video games involving air combat typically provides tutorials on acms , including the split s .
a list of leaders in the following categories is available on the mlb .	a list of leaders in the following categories are available on the mlb .
another theory states that the qays tribe also originates from arabia .	another theory states that the qays tribe also originate from arabia .
i am aware that the building blocks of matter are quarks and subatomic particles like gluons and stuff .	i am aware that the building blocks of matter is quarks and subatomic particles like gluons and stuff .
commit ordering ensures that the relative order in which transactions commit is consistent with the order of their respective conflicting operations .	commit ordering ensures that the relative order in which transactions commit are consistent with the order of their respective conflicting operations .
other places have slashes and improper capitalization of disease names , and those should be fixed as well .	other places has slashes and improper capitalization of disease names , and those should be fixed as well .
the objects on display in the museum are the weapons , coins , medals , uniforms and other artifacts from england , scotland , france and india dating back to the colonial period .	the objects on display in the museum is the weapons , coins , medals , uniforms and other artifacts from england , scotland , france and india dating back to the colonial period .
this interaction between two nuclei occurs through chemical bonds , and can typically be seen up to three bonds away .	this interaction between two nuclei occur through chemical bonds , and can typically be seen up to three bonds away .
information about activities and costs is an essential resource for improving value chain performance .	information about activities and costs are an essential resource for improving value chain performance .
the gill arches of bony fish typically have no septum , so the gills alone project from the arch , supported by individual gill rays .	the gill arches of bony fish typically has no septum , so the gills alone project from the arch , supported by individual gill rays .
the temperament mix between parents and children also affects family life .	the temperament mix between parents and children also affect family life .
it does no good to write the music in c major if every third note needs a sharp or a flat after it !	it does no good to write the music in c major if every third note need a sharp or a flat after it !
telecommunications , mining , pipeline , power and transportation are just a few of the other industries that frequently engage the landman 's services .	telecommunications , mining , pipeline , power and transportation is just a few of the other industries that frequently engage the landman 's services .
other names in common use include diacylphorbate 12-hydrolase , diacylphorbate 12-hydrolase , phorbol-12 , 13-diester 12-ester hydrolase , and pdeh .	other names in common use includes diacylphorbate 12-hydrolase , diacylphorbate 12-hydrolase , phorbol-12 , 13-diester 12-ester hydrolase , and pdeh .
lastly , use of herbicides leaves the ground naked between each crop .	lastly , use of herbicides leave the ground naked between each crop .
the answer to all of the above questions is yes .	the answer to all of the above questions are yes .
the sources , although statewide , are still for the most part restricted to central and south florida .	the sources , although statewide , is still for the most part restricted to central and south florida .
the hosts of the radio program are former nfl quarterback for the cincinnati bengals , new york jets and arizona cardinals , boomer esiason and former jersey guy craig carton .	the hosts of the radio program is former nfl quarterback for the cincinnati bengals , new york jets and arizona cardinals , boomer esiason and former jersey guy craig carton .
additional rpos-dependent factors that determine the size and shape of the cell include the morphogene bola and products of the ftsqaz operon that play a role in the timing of cell division ( lange et al .	additional rpos-dependent factors that determine the size and shape of the cell includes the morphogene bola and products of the ftsqaz operon that play a role in the timing of cell division ( lange et al .
the orchestra uniting a hundred of musicians is famous for its interpretations of classical as well as modern music .	the orchestra uniting a hundred of musicians are famous for its interpretations of classical as well as modern music .
on occasion ( maybe even more-often-that-not ) , so-called `` content '' disputes before the arbitration committee are more a case of these kinds of `` hardened '' disputes between editors , rather than genuinely about content .	on occasion ( maybe even more-often-that-not ) , so-called `` content '' disputes before the arbitration committee is more a case of these kinds of `` hardened '' disputes between editors , rather than genuinely about content .
the number of permanent residents on the islands is roughly 60 , 000 , with 27 , 000 of them living in åland .	the number of permanent residents on the islands are roughly 60 , 000 , with 27 , 000 of them living in åland .
jurisdictions imposing property tax uniformly charge some official with determining value of property subject to tax by the jurisdiction .	jurisdictions imposing property tax uniformly charges some official with determining value of property subject to tax by the jurisdiction .
however , just deleting this article is not a wise move , because some of this information may be kept ( or at least the ideas ) , and edit histories are very important to me .	however , just deleting this article is not a wise move , because some of this information may be kept ( or at least the ideas ) , and edit histories is very important to me .
please also provide structure as to how the accusations of sock and meat puppet are to be interpreted .	please also provide structure as to how the accusations of sock and meat puppet is to be interpreted .
opponents of the article maintain that it seriously limits the freedom of speech and effectively prevents any kind of debate on the church 's widespread influence on social and political life of poland .	opponents of the article maintains that it seriously limits the freedom of speech and effectively prevents any kind of debate on the church 's widespread influence on social and political life of poland .
customers of its commercial real estate finance business are the owners or sponsors of commercial properties , who can be individuals or institutions .	customers of its commercial real estate finance business is the owners or sponsors of commercial properties , who can be individuals or institutions .
citation problems that trigger the need for this template are most often good-faith attempts to provide source citations , that fail because of less than careful processing of the information in the source or because of assumptions and improper correlation .	citation problems that trigger the need for this template is most often good-faith attempts to provide source citations , that fail because of less than careful processing of the information in the source or because of assumptions and improper correlation .
the consistent use of materials and decorative patterns gives a simple and neat image .	the consistent use of materials and decorative patterns give a simple and neat image .
list of airlines includes all airlines , including cargo , charter , and corporate carriers not listed here .	list of airlines include all airlines , including cargo , charter , and corporate carriers not listed here .
feeder k-8 schools include stephen decatur school , a .	feeder k-8 schools includes stephen decatur school , a .
the courses conducted by the college are b .	the courses conducted by the college is b .
i 'm worried when businesses with some degree of legitimacy get the idea that it 's ok to spam wikipedia .	i 'm worried when businesses with some degree of legitimacy gets the idea that it 's ok to spam wikipedia .
correspondingly , themes of illusion and ambiguity are central to the novel .	correspondingly , themes of illusion and ambiguity is central to the novel .
the european mobile market , as measured by active subscribers of the top 50 networks is 860 million .	the european mobile market , as measured by active subscribers of the top 50 networks are 860 million .
synthetic fibres such as nylon and polyester are not biodegradable and remain in landfill for longer .	synthetic fibres such as nylon and polyester is not biodegradable and remain in landfill for longer .
efficiency values for light from a heat source are typically less than two percent .	efficiency values for light from a heat source is typically less than two percent .
some methods used to augment labor without medication require that the woman is an active participant in the birthing process .	some methods used to augment labor without medication requires that the woman is an active participant in the birthing process .
the portal offers a door-to-door journey planner which allows the user to different transport modes including car , rail , bus and coach , air , walking and cycling .	the portal offer a door-to-door journey planner which allows the user to different transport modes including car , rail , bus and coach , air , walking and cycling .
bearing in mind human mate selection largely evolved before doctors or anything remotely similar , going on what people look like seems a decent choice even if far from perfect .	bearing in mind human mate selection largely evolved before doctors or anything remotely similar , going on what people looks like seems a decent choice even if far from perfect .
the most significant ecosystems within the park are the flooded forests along the danube and the inland marshes .	the most significant ecosystems within the park is the flooded forests along the danube and the inland marshes .
the parish includes the south side of the town of bonnyrigg ( including the new housing development at hopefield ) , plus the rural area to the south of the town ( including the village of carrington ) .	the parish include the south side of the town of bonnyrigg ( including the new housing development at hopefield ) , plus the rural area to the south of the town ( including the village of carrington ) .
exhibits in the museum from this era include plumbate pottery which has orange and grey tones and depicted lives of animals and supernatural entities of their surfaces .	exhibits in the museum from this era includes plumbate pottery which has orange and grey tones and depicted lives of animals and supernatural entities of their surfaces .
the categories of winning group , in ascending order of value , are as follows .	the categories of winning group , in ascending order of value , is as follows .
the play has too many serious undertones to quite fit its advance billing as a romantic comedy .	the play have too many serious undertones to quite fit its advance billing as a romantic comedy .
my search through pages and pages of matching archives shows it , time and time again , being defended as a reliable source .	my search through pages and pages of matching archives show it , time and time again , being defended as a reliable source .
the berczy community is the original location in unionville and it is felt by many people to be `` the real unionville '' .	the berczy community are the original location in unionville and it is felt by many people to be `` the real unionville '' .
take a look at our article about gamut ; the differences in gamut between your display and , say , a cmyk printing press are probably the biggest sources of surprises to designers .	take a look at our article about gamut ; the differences in gamut between your display and , says , a cmyk printing press are probably the biggest sources of surprises to designers .
other factors influencing international service assignment cost are the host destination , the size of the family ( for accompanied assignments where the family relocates with the expatriate to the host country ) , the expatriate benefits as per the employer 's international service policy , and home-host taxation .	other factors influencing international service assignment cost is the host destination , the size of the family ( for accompanied assignments where the family relocates with the expatriate to the host country ) , the expatriate benefits as per the employer 's international service policy , and home-host taxation .
some of his poems remind us of transparent watches where the movements and direction of each gear and lever are visible .	some of his poems remind us of transparent watches where the movements and direction of each gear and lever is visible .
about 100 , 000 scientific papers a year have 4 or more citations .	about 100 , 000 scientific papers a year has 4 or more citations .
spring and fall experience peaks of activity as those are the seasons when stronger winds , wind shear , and atmospheric instability are present .	spring and fall experience peaks of activity as those are the seasons when stronger winds , wind shear , and atmospheric instability is present .
the non-malignant diseases caused by vinyl chloride exposure are systemic and serious , often resulting in a systemic sclerosis of the body as a whole , and are known outside the united states as `` vinyl chloride disease .	the non-malignant diseases caused by vinyl chloride exposure is systemic and serious , often resulting in a systemic sclerosis of the body as a whole , and are known outside the united states as `` vinyl chloride disease .
thus , when employing hash methods , a comparison for absolute equality may fail even when two video segments are perceptually identical .	thus , when employing hash methods , a comparison for absolute equality may fail even when two video segments is perceptually identical .
the events of this audio directly continue to the next , a death in the family .	the events of this audio directly continues to the next , a death in the family .
his original goal is to find the lights of ginga , so he could take revenge on zahab .	his original goal are to find the lights of ginga , so he could take revenge on zahab .
one of the first results of this kind states that every complete geometric graph whose edges are colored with two colors contains a non-crossing monochromatic spanning tree .	one of the first results of this kind states that every complete geometric graph whose edges are colored with two colors contain a non-crossing monochromatic spanning tree .
the distribution of cards in boosters and starters is similar to a base set .	the distribution of cards in boosters and starters are similar to a base set .
two general areas comprising the majority of the site are particularly sensitive to human impact .	two general areas comprising the majority of the site is particularly sensitive to human impact .
two national officials who advocated drug policy reform pass away .	two national officials who advocated drug policy reform passes away .
reaction time to situations where one must choose between two or more alternatives is one measure of control of processing .	reaction time to situations where one must choose between two or more alternatives are one measure of control of processing .
the criteria for inclusion appear to be too diffuse .	the criteria for inclusion appears to be too diffuse .
while troops in riot gear charge forward to reinforce the cordon and use their shields and batons to beat back .	while troops in riot gear charges forward to reinforce the cordon and use their shields and batons to beat back .
the opening credits of the us television series homeland prominently feature two of the main characters , carrie and brody , apparently lost within a a large hedge labryrinth ; in one scene , carrie is wearning a minotaur-esque mask .	the opening credits of the us television series homeland prominently features two of the main characters , carrie and brody , apparently lost within a a large hedge labryrinth ; in one scene , carrie is wearning a minotaur-esque mask .
the leobens , like his cylon counterparts and the remnants of humanity , pass into history .	the leobens , like his cylon counterparts and the remnants of humanity , passes into history .
the rules of hand cricket are very similar to the rules of traditional cricket .	the rules of hand cricket is very similar to the rules of traditional cricket .
syngonanthus nitens or golden grass is a grass-like species of eriocaulaceae which exists in the region of jalapão , state of tocantins , brazil - the region is part of the brazilian cerrado .	syngonanthus nitens or golden grass is a grass-like species of eriocaulaceae which exists in the region of jalapão , state of tocantins , brazil - the region are part of the brazilian cerrado .
the stadium also gives an illusion that supporters in the upper tier on one side of the ground are unable to see supporters in the upper tier opposite .	the stadium also gives an illusion that supporters in the upper tier on one side of the ground is unable to see supporters in the upper tier opposite .
the portrait is one piece of evidence for zamor 's african origin .	the portrait are one piece of evidence for zamor 's african origin .
stone blocks that supported this tramway are still to be found along the upper seafront of newry beach .	stone blocks that supported this tramway is still to be found along the upper seafront of newry beach .
his major areas of interest include moral philosophy , philosophy of mind and action , and 17th century rationalism .	his major areas of interest includes moral philosophy , philosophy of mind and action , and 17th century rationalism .
his brother gets a job on a certain ship and while james bids him farewell , he is approached by a soldier who offers him a chance to join the imperial army in india .	his brother get a job on a certain ship and while james bids him farewell , he is approached by a soldier who offers him a chance to join the imperial army in india .
species within this genus are m .	species within this genus is m .
the coastline has a varied terrain with unusual rock formations .	the coastline have a varied terrain with unusual rock formations .
some vendors have alleged that their competitors merely hire veterans to sit near their carts , a practice lawyers for the city say would not qualify under the law .	some vendors have alleged that their competitors merely hire veterans to sit near their carts , a practice lawyers for the city says would not qualify under the law .
the advantages of an institutionalized consultation process are obvious and i can not agree with the proposition that this practice necessarily conflicts with the rules of natural justice .	the advantages of an institutionalized consultation process is obvious and i can not agree with the proposition that this practice necessarily conflicts with the rules of natural justice .
for one , the plates for one deflection axis are closer to the screen than the plates for the other .	for one , the plates for one deflection axis is closer to the screen than the plates for the other .
the pages under quantum field theory seem to lack examples .	the pages under quantum field theory seems to lack examples .
however , in dolphins , `` no patterns of cellular distribution , nuclear subdivision , or cellular morphology indicate specialization of the lc ( coeruleus complex ) '' despite the large absolute brain size and unihemispheric sleep phenomenology of cetaceans .	however , in dolphins , `` no patterns of cellular distribution , nuclear subdivision , or cellular morphology indicates specialization of the lc ( coeruleus complex ) '' despite the large absolute brain size and unihemispheric sleep phenomenology of cetaceans .
d , and over ten years of university teaching , i feel that i have assessed the academic merits of their entries and that they are suitable .	d , and over ten years of university teaching , i feels that i have assessed the academic merits of their entries and that they are suitable .
a list of notable things is not indiscriminate .	a list of notable things are not indiscriminate .
students exiting the juvenile justice system also attend give for 30 days as a transition program to their home schools .	students exiting the juvenile justice system also attends give for 30 days as a transition program to their home schools .
how far the opportunities for woman 's work for a livelihood are to be enlarged should be made to depend upon the question whether the respective work injures or does not injure the physical provision for motherhood .	how far the opportunities for woman 's work for a livelihood is to be enlarged should be made to depend upon the question whether the respective work injures or does not injure the physical provision for motherhood .
the objectives of the bachelor of pharmacy are to create the growing needs of pharmacists throughout the home and abroad , to prepare and train students for the wide range of highly changing and demanding job market .	the objectives of the bachelor of pharmacy is to create the growing needs of pharmacists throughout the home and abroad , to prepare and train students for the wide range of highly changing and demanding job market .
the total number of permutations of all movable centers is the product of the permutations of the two sets , 24 !	the total number of permutations of all movable centers are the product of the permutations of the two sets , 24 !
only the sad circumstances of her murder and the subsequent court case are conceiviably so .	only the sad circumstances of her murder and the subsequent court case is conceiviably so .
furthermore , the cationic lysine-rich region is essential for gating of trpc1 .	furthermore , the cationic lysine-rich region are essential for gating of trpc1 .
n ; minor mentions and a single interview are just not enough coverage to meet notability requirements , and its being the ancestor of some other software does not make it notable enough for its own artice .	n ; minor mentions and a single interview is just not enough coverage to meet notability requirements , and its being the ancestor of some other software does not make it notable enough for its own artice .
potential causes for the decline include program trading , overvaluation , illiquidity , and market psychology .	potential causes for the decline includes program trading , overvaluation , illiquidity , and market psychology .
this vast , magical , unexplained phenomenon which our own times have proceed under our own eyes , appears to be , indeed , the only thing which our modern rationalism is not to be permitted to meddle with .	this vast , magical , unexplained phenomenon which our own times have proceed under our own eyes , appear to be , indeed , the only thing which our modern rationalism is not to be permitted to meddle with .
interpretation of primary sources by editors is often problematic anyway .	interpretation of primary sources by editors are often problematic anyway .
rates of article creation and edit frequency are normal .	rates of article creation and edit frequency is normal .
the first link goes to the page of the person who designed the jack nano webpage that used to be hosted on the uk nick page and he describes it as a clarks character .	the first link go to the page of the person who designed the jack nano webpage that used to be hosted on the uk nick page and he describes it as a clarks character .
the sport is played in clubs and some schools also take part in the junior leagues .	the sport is played in clubs and some schools also takes part in the junior leagues .
the village is home to the rnas yeovilton ( hms heron ) and the associated fleet air arm museum .	the village are home to the rnas yeovilton ( hms heron ) and the associated fleet air arm museum .
when the couple tries to leave , terry attempts to take the box as compensation for finding it .	when the couple try to leave , terry attempts to take the box as compensation for finding it .
the army of brobdingnag is claimed to be large with 207 , 000 troops including 32 , 000 cavalry although the society has no known enemies .	the army of brobdingnag is claimed to be large with 207 , 000 troops including 32 , 000 cavalry although the society have no known enemies .
however , the continued fraction approximations to this irrational fraction number allow us to find equal divisions of the octave which do close ; the denominators of these are 1 , 2 , 5 , 7 , 12 , 19 , 31 , 174 , 205 , 789 .	however , the continued fraction approximations to this irrational fraction number allows us to find equal divisions of the octave which do close ; the denominators of these are 1 , 2 , 5 , 7 , 12 , 19 , 31 , 174 , 205 , 789 .
the attributes of an organism and society , he maintained , are similar and the permanent relations existing between their various parts are also the same .	the attributes of an organism and society , he maintained , is similar and the permanent relations existing between their various parts are also the same .
while your efforts at contributing to the global knowledge field in an obscure corner of computing are highly admirable and worthy of respect , there does not seem to be sufficient , independent , reliable , third-party , non-internet sources to back this up .	while your efforts at contributing to the global knowledge field in an obscure corner of computing is highly admirable and worthy of respect , there does not seem to be sufficient , independent , reliable , third-party , non-internet sources to back this up .
although the gestation period of their eggs is several months long , they are prolific breeders .	although the gestation period of their eggs are several months long , they are prolific breeders .
the outcome of the players ' actions depends on the choices and card play of the other players in the same location .	the outcome of the players ' actions depend on the choices and card play of the other players in the same location .
this route , while still relatively healthy , is under constant threat from anthropogenic activities , including urban and coastal development and increasingly fragmented habitats .	this route , while still relatively healthy , are under constant threat from anthropogenic activities , including urban and coastal development and increasingly fragmented habitats .
on the web , the digital story library extends to may 1999 .	on the web , the digital story library extend to may 1999 .
after some success pressing small runs of tapes of local artists , trend is dead !	after some success pressing small runs of tapes of local artists , trend are dead !
individual cases where the identity of the country at a particular time was disputed are beyond my ability to judge .	individual cases where the identity of the country at a particular time was disputed is beyond my ability to judge .
in comparison , the clunkier title about various controversies makes no such association connected to made-up jingly terms , nor implies any sort of special phenomenon , but simply expands a paragraph about generic controversies that grew too large to fit in its parent article .	in comparison , the clunkier title about various controversies make no such association connected to made-up jingly terms , nor implies any sort of special phenomenon , but simply expands a paragraph about generic controversies that grew too large to fit in its parent article .
keep problem with maintaining separate lists for individual tribes is the amount of intermarriage .	keep problem with maintaining separate lists for individual tribes are the amount of intermarriage .
the processes for building conceptual documentation and reference documentation are similar , with one of the main differences being that conceptual documentation does not require the mrefbuilder program to be used .	the processes for building conceptual documentation and reference documentation is similar , with one of the main differences being that conceptual documentation does not require the mrefbuilder program to be used .
who levels of hemoglobin are lower in the third trimesters .	who levels of hemoglobin is lower in the third trimesters .
the students and staff of the college are the members of the above organizations .	the students and staff of the college is the members of the above organizations .
attempts at creating a sense of atmospheric depth are evident in many of the miniatures .	attempts at creating a sense of atmospheric depth is evident in many of the miniatures .
in contrast , the difference between chimpanzees and modern humans is approximately 1 , 462 mtdna base pairs .	in contrast , the difference between chimpanzees and modern humans are approximately 1 , 462 mtdna base pairs .
criteria considered for notification as heritage structure include period of construction , exhibited trend , events or persons associated with the structure , and design , style , designer , physical condition , and design integrity for architecturally significant buildings .	criteria considered for notification as heritage structure includes period of construction , exhibited trend , events or persons associated with the structure , and design , style , designer , physical condition , and design integrity for architecturally significant buildings .
in differential geometry and theoretical physics , the classification of electromagnetic fields is a pointwise classification of bivectors at each point of a lorentzian manifold .	in differential geometry and theoretical physics , the classification of electromagnetic fields are a pointwise classification of bivectors at each point of a lorentzian manifold .
the same study also found that students who read science fiction are much more likely than other students to believe that contacting extraterrestrial civilizations is both possible and desirable ( bainbridge 1982 ) .	the same study also found that students who read science fiction is much more likely than other students to believe that contacting extraterrestrial civilizations is both possible and desirable ( bainbridge 1982 ) .
at any rate , bots should be programmed so that their edits do n't require human review ; the fact that humans can trail after it and clean up its mistakes is n't a good reason to allow a bot to run in an error-producing fashion .	at any rate , bots should be programmed so that their edits do n't require human review ; the fact that humans can trail after it and clean up its mistakes are n't a good reason to allow a bot to run in an error-producing fashion .
moreover all descendants of the left child of any number q are less than q , and all descendants of the right child of q are greater than q .	moreover all descendants of the left child of any number q is less than q , and all descendants of the right child of q are greater than q .
the last 2 digits of the model number for this series indicate the speed in pages per minute ( ppm ) for the model .	the last 2 digits of the model number for this series indicates the speed in pages per minute ( ppm ) for the model .
but if the recipient of the services is not a taxable person ( i .	but if the recipient of the services are not a taxable person ( i .
the negative aspects of the game , in their view , include the short campaign , predictable enemy a .	the negative aspects of the game , in their view , includes the short campaign , predictable enemy a .
western countries and the main cultural influence affecting health care are the political ideologies of the parties in control of the government .	western countries and the main cultural influence affecting health care is the political ideologies of the parties in control of the government .
also , it is implicitly assumed that the interactions that stabilize a folding transition state are native-like in nature .	also , it is implicitly assumed that the interactions that stabilize a folding transition state is native-like in nature .
while the meaning of any phenomenon must in some way be generated , and the interpretation of symbols is dependent upon intelligence , the bestowal of meaning is not arbitrary .	while the meaning of any phenomenon must in some way be generated , and the interpretation of symbols are dependent upon intelligence , the bestowal of meaning is not arbitrary .
commercial establishments within the temple complex sell religious offerings and bangles made of lac and plastic .	commercial establishments within the temple complex sells religious offerings and bangles made of lac and plastic .
asia foundation role in these cases becomes of analyzing and establishing critical issues and suggesting and implanting strategic programs to resolve them .	asia foundation role in these cases become of analyzing and establishing critical issues and suggesting and implanting strategic programs to resolve them .
purchases of food by a restaurant generally are not taxable in those states that tax sales by restaurants , even though the ingredients are transformed .	purchases of food by a restaurant generally is not taxable in those states that tax sales by restaurants , even though the ingredients are transformed .
the stages of the intelligence cycle include the issuance of requirements by decision makers , collection , processing , analysis , and publication of intelligence .	the stages of the intelligence cycle includes the issuance of requirements by decision makers , collection , processing , analysis , and publication of intelligence .
an ecological pyramid of numbers shows graphically the population of each level in a food chain .	an ecological pyramid of numbers show graphically the population of each level in a food chain .
ellery queen forms together a small group of people related to some of the victims , and some consultants , and works to determine the killer 's reason for selecting these particular victims .	ellery queen forms together a small group of people related to some of the victims , and some consultants , and work to determine the killer 's reason for selecting these particular victims .
however , long term exposure to the plants is poisonous to humans , and the girl 's grandmother has become ill by it .	however , long term exposure to the plants are poisonous to humans , and the girl 's grandmother has become ill by it .
some areas are in desperate need of modernisation whilst some are up-to-date .	some areas is in desperate need of modernisation whilst some are up-to-date .
chrysolina fastuosa , also known as the dead-nettle leaf beetle , the colour of a species is metallic-green , with two blue lines and orange circles .	chrysolina fastuosa , also known as the dead-nettle leaf beetle , the colour of a species are metallic-green , with two blue lines and orange circles .
haikara oversees marketing , publicity , creative development and production for the studio whose global filmmaking community creates television and web series , feature films as well as content for ad agencies , media companies and major brands such as cisco , primetime , respectively .	haikara oversees marketing , publicity , creative development and production for the studio whose global filmmaking community create television and web series , feature films as well as content for ad agencies , media companies and major brands such as cisco , primetime , respectively .
occupying most of a city block , the now century old nine story hotel stands immediately adjacent to both the bart montgomery street station and the monadnock building , and across market street from lotta 's fountain .	occupying most of a city block , the now century old nine story hotel stand immediately adjacent to both the bart montgomery street station and the monadnock building , and across market street from lotta 's fountain .
only 58 species of butterfly and moth occur on the islands , compared to 367 recorded on the western isles .	only 58 species of butterfly and moth occurs on the islands , compared to 367 recorded on the western isles .
village has elementary school , post office , train station , bus stations and about 100 houses .	village have elementary school , post office , train station , bus stations and about 100 houses .
the articles in the pseudoscience category are pseudoscience , like it or not .	the articles in the pseudoscience category is pseudoscience , like it or not .
the most dangerous game and deliverance in which almost defenceless men who manage to lose their compass in the water , along with their map and their radio , become the prey of hunters .	the most dangerous game and deliverance in which almost defenceless men who manage to lose their compass in the water , along with their map and their radio , becomes the prey of hunters .
the fact that many people are making inappropriate edits is a good reason to protect or semi-protect the article , which had already been done .	the fact that many people are making inappropriate edits are a good reason to protect or semi-protect the article , which had already been done .
the beautiful umbrella pines that surround the village are a source of valuable pine nuts , while olives , grapes , figs , apricots and other fruits are cultivated here as well .	the beautiful umbrella pines that surround the village is a source of valuable pine nuts , while olives , grapes , figs , apricots and other fruits are cultivated here as well .
on golden smog was the debut ep from golden smog , released on december 11 , 1992 , the album consists entirely of cover songs .	on golden smog was the debut ep from golden smog , released on december 11 , 1992 , the album consist entirely of cover songs .
critics of this agreement say that is not very clear concerning the disarmament , and that it served to strengthen hezbollah internally , giving it a non-shiite cover inside .	critics of this agreement says that is not very clear concerning the disarmament , and that it served to strengthen hezbollah internally , giving it a non-shiite cover inside .
this day is also known as the demon-hunting day because members of the defeated demon army try to save themselves by hiding in the bodies of animals and fowls .	this day is also known as the demon-hunting day because members of the defeated demon army tries to save themselves by hiding in the bodies of animals and fowls .
the killer then flees in the car .	the killer then flee in the car .
a lot of the citations , namely websites , lack access dates and for the magazines , i would include issn numbers .	a lot of the citations , namely website , lack access dates and for the magazines , i would include issn numbers .
the museum of arts and design collects , displays , and interprets objects that document contemporary and historic innovation in craft , art , and design .	the museum of arts and design collects , displays , and interpret objects that document contemporary and historic innovation in craft , art , and design .
that kind of arguments is absolutely no good .	that kind of arguments are absolutely no good .
since so little research has been conducted into the human impacts of climate change and because of the difficulty in differentiating the influence of climate change from other contributing factors , statistics relating to the human impact of climate change carry significant margins of uncertainty .	since so little research has been conducted into the human impacts of climate change and because of the difficulty in differentiating the influence of climate change from other contributing factors , statistics relating to the human impact of climate change carries significant margins of uncertainty .
the structures listed in this multiple property submission reflect the best preserved reminders of this catholic legacy .	the structures listed in this multiple property submission reflects the best preserved reminders of this catholic legacy .
the automatic opposes based on the length of time since the last one are not really looking at the nom .	the automatic opposes based on the length of time since the last one is not really looking at the nom .
this category is for american football at muskingum university .	this category are for american football at muskingum university .
the current official royal limousine is a stretched volvo s80 model , one for his majesty king willem alexander and one that used by the former queen beatrix although other members of the royal family use different cars .	the current official royal limousine is a stretched volvo s80 model , one for his majesty king willem alexander and one that used by the former queen beatrix although other members of the royal family uses different cars .
i would argue that the roles of a head of government and a head of state are more similar than a prime minister and a chancellor of the exchequer .	i would argue that the roles of a head of government and a head of state is more similar than a prime minister and a chancellor of the exchequer .
only small numbers of the most famous rabbis from history have unique acronyms , like rashi .	only small numbers of the most famous rabbis from history has unique acronyms , like rashi .
generation adidas players are automatically protected , though players who are graduated from the program to the senior roster at the end of the 2009 season are not .	generation adidas players are automatically protected , though players who are graduated from the program to the senior roster at the end of the 2009 season is not .
under this new concept of the military establishment , distinctions between war and peace are more difficult to draw .	under this new concept of the military establishment , distinctions between war and peace is more difficult to draw .
additionally , a careful review of recent edits shows similarly good skill , judgment , and even tact .	additionally , a careful review of recent edits show similarly good skill , judgment , and even tact .
her list of awards includes two emmy awards , six grammy awards , 30 billboard music awards , 22 american music awards , among a total of 415 career awards as of 2010 .	her list of awards include two emmy awards , six grammy awards , 30 billboard music awards , 22 american music awards , among a total of 415 career awards as of 2010 .
m-80 that the little ghost just barely runs away from .	m-80 that the little ghost just barely run away from .
in `` sex ed '' , he holds a sex education seminar for the office because people are insulting meredith , but is really only doing so to find out if erin and gabe are sleeping together ( the answer is `` yes '' ) .	in `` sex ed '' , he holds a sex education seminar for the office because people are insulting meredith , but is really only doing so to find out if erin and gabe are sleeping together ( the answer are `` yes '' ) .
the airport is home to the second largest fedex operation in the world ( after the memphis headquarters ) and the united states postal service eagle network hub .	the airport are home to the second largest fedex operation in the world ( after the memphis headquarters ) and the united states postal service eagle network hub .
the island has produced a more densely distributed viking-age archaeology than anywhere else in the british isles , but the written records for this time period are poor .	the island has produced a more densely distributed viking-age archaeology than anywhere else in the british isles , but the written records for this time period is poor .
the company is one of the last private bicycle builders in the netherlands .	the company are one of the last private bicycle builders in the netherlands .
the people consider ortrud guilty of witchcraft .	the people considers ortrud guilty of witchcraft .
list of dinosaurs gives an idea of the number of articles which are getting hit , and which itself has come under some attacks .	list of dinosaurs give an idea of the number of articles which are getting hit , and which itself has come under some attacks .
on the other hand , materials with low thermal conductance , such as polystyrene and alumina , are use in building construction or in furnaces in an effort to slow the flow of heat , i .	on the other hand , materials with low thermal conductance , such as polystyrene and alumina , is use in building construction or in furnaces in an effort to slow the flow of heat , i .
the chair of governors is the author john o'farrell .	the chair of governors are the author john o'farrell .
the basic concept on which this approach rests is the idea that an important part of learning a language consists of being able to understand and produce lexical phrases as chunks .	the basic concept on which this approach rest is the idea that an important part of learning a language consists of being able to understand and produce lexical phrases as chunks .
comment thanks for pointing out that claim , that paragraph is a fine mix of unsupportd claims and original research that needs to be substantiated with some good sources .	comment thanks for pointing out that claim , that paragraph are a fine mix of unsupportd claims and original research that needs to be substantiated with some good sources .
stained glass windows installed between 1887 and 1933 in the lady chapel , south aisle and several in north aisle are also by shrigley and hunt while others including the east window are by charles eamer kempe .	stained glass windows installed between 1887 and 1933 in the lady chapel , south aisle and several in north aisle is also by shrigley and hunt while others including the east window are by charles eamer kempe .
four kilometers of the canyon are walkable after april , when most of the snow in the taurus mountains has melted and passed through on its way to the mediterranean sea .	four kilometers of the canyon is walkable after april , when most of the snow in the taurus mountains has melted and passed through on its way to the mediterranean sea .
since 2004 in-cab signaling , colored lights in the cab near the engineer , inform the crew of the status of the track ahead .	since 2004 in-cab signaling , colored lights in the cab near the engineer , informs the crew of the status of the track ahead .
errors in transcription or personal preference are some of the reasons surnames change over time .	errors in transcription or personal preference is some of the reasons surnames change over time .
as independent organisms of the judiciary system are the attorney general and the public defender .	as independent organisms of the judiciary system is the attorney general and the public defender .
artists who have released material on the label include jenn grant , amelia curran , elliott brood , luke doucet , christine fellows , ford pier , captain tractor , martin tielli , justin rutledge , veal , nq arbuckle , wendy mcneill and valery gore .	artists who have released material on the label includes jenn grant , amelia curran , elliott brood , luke doucet , christine fellows , ford pier , captain tractor , martin tielli , justin rutledge , veal , nq arbuckle , wendy mcneill and valery gore .
keeping the polls open for more than a day has little or no effect on turnout .	keeping the polls opens for more than a day has little or no effect on turnout .
the true legs are black and the prolegs are yellow with black tips .	the true legs is black and the prolegs are yellow with black tips .
interestingly , any life-changing decisions in the game , such as whether the main character will donate a kidney , are often not decided by the game player .	interestingly , any life-changing decisions in the game , such as whether the main character will donate a kidney , is often not decided by the game player .
this sum equals zero if the fluid 's velocity is constant .	this sum equals zero if the fluid 's velocity are constant .
all statements which are not about assigning blame are forward-looking statements .	all statements which are not about assigning blame is forward-looking statements .
unfortunately i think kingsley thinks these requests for mediation are mediation or discussion pages .	unfortunately i think kingsley thinks these requests for mediation is mediation or discussion pages .
many festivals , such as those in the fringe theatre movement , promote the work of beginning playwrights and performers .	many festivals , such as those in the fringe theatre movement , promotes the work of beginning playwrights and performers .
and , oddly , the relationship between the two religions has a mirror-image quality .	and , oddly , the relationship between the two religions have a mirror-image quality .
the source code for the other games is proprietary and not available without explicit permission from the authors .	the source code for the other games are proprietary and not available without explicit permission from the authors .
new loans throughout the banking system generate new deposits elsewhere in the system .	new loans throughout the banking system generates new deposits elsewhere in the system .
the behavior of these large events connects these quantities to the study of theory of large deviations ( also called extreme value theory ) , which considers the frequency of extremely rare events like stock market crashes and large natural disasters .	the behavior of these large events connect these quantities to the study of theory of large deviations ( also called extreme value theory ) , which considers the frequency of extremely rare events like stock market crashes and large natural disasters .
therefore , securities with higher market liquidity risk have higher required return , as per the liquidity-adjusted capm .	therefore , securities with higher market liquidity risk has higher required return , as per the liquidity-adjusted capm .
the aryan invasion , represented by horse-drawn chariots and superior bows and arrows , seems to have tyrannized tribal migration to the south and the east .	the aryan invasion , represented by horse-drawn chariots and superior bows and arrows , seem to have tyrannized tribal migration to the south and the east .
theories in causes section of the article include , the social construct theory of adhd .	theories in causes section of the article includes , the social construct theory of adhd .
from 2005 on , a team of writers and cartoonists makes the new series , led by luc morjeau .	from 2005 on , a team of writers and cartoonists make the new series , led by luc morjeau .
creation of stimuli that have specific spectral characteristics is also possible .	creation of stimuli that have specific spectral characteristics are also possible .
a german rhyme first printed in 1796 closely resembles `` ring a ring o'roses '' in its first stanza ringelringelreihen , wir sind der kinder dreien , sitzen unter 'm hollerbuschund machen alle huschhuschhusch !	a german rhyme first printed in 1796 closely resemble `` ring a ring o'roses '' in its first stanza ringelringelreihen , wir sind der kinder dreien , sitzen unter 'm hollerbuschund machen alle huschhuschhusch !
horses with the champagne gene have a lightened hair coat and specific eye and skin color traits .	horses with the champagne gene has a lightened hair coat and specific eye and skin color traits .
however if it is felt that an image is really neccesary i would suggest an adhesive bandage or gauze as the focus .	however if it is felt that an image are really neccesary i would suggest an adhesive bandage or gauze as the focus .
keep while the topic certainly makes us uncomfortable , this is a sourced list that provides links to a variety of different topics surrounding the issue .	keep while the topic certainly make us uncomfortable , this is a sourced list that provides links to a variety of different topics surrounding the issue .
the team 's role in domestic disasters is both to provide timely humanitarian assistance and as an outlet to let veterans continue to serve .	the team 's role in domestic disasters are both to provide timely humanitarian assistance and as an outlet to let veterans continue to serve .
i would imagine , make it quite confusing for uninitiated , especially as the subsequent paragraph sees amundsen on board fram again .	i would imagine , make it quite confusing for uninitiated , especially as the subsequent paragraph see amundsen on board fram again .
it goes without saying that many people who go online for history go to wikipedia first .	it goes without saying that many people who go online for history goes to wikipedia first .
the penalty for evading a ban is that the `` ban timer '' is automatically reset ( no formal consideration is typically necessary ) .	the penalty for evading a ban is that the `` ban timer '' is automatically reset ( no formal consideration are typically necessary ) .
the non-redlink players on their roster are two musicians and a hockey player .	the non-redlink players on their roster is two musicians and a hockey player .
several different subtypes of small intestine cancer exist .	several different subtypes of small intestine cancer exists .
many important animals , such as zooplankton , that forms the base of the marine food chain have calcium shells .	many important animals , such as zooplankton , that forms the base of the marine food chain has calcium shells .
i think that the people on the receiving end are more likely to be drawn to and therefore actually read the notice when it comes with an icon as opposed to mere text .	i think that the people on the receiving end is more likely to be drawn to and therefore actually read the notice when it comes with an icon as opposed to mere text .
people who migrated from that region that i know refer to themselves as croatian or of croatian descent .	people who migrated from that region that i know refers to themselves as croatian or of croatian descent .
the other provisions of the contract are consistent with its being a contract of service .	the other provisions of the contract is consistent with its being a contract of service .
search the search function which is used to locate specific components and data types uses both exact and fuzzy comparisons .	search the search function which is used to locate specific components and data types use both exact and fuzzy comparisons .
the mosque will have the bazaar and entrance on the ground floor , lecture halls in the basement , the prayer area on the upper floor and include a muslim library .	the mosque will have the bazaar and entrance on the ground floor , lecture halls in the basement , the prayer area on the upper floor and includes a muslim library .
sanas-accredited laboratories in the food safety sector play an important role in monitoring the quality of food for import and export purposes , as well as for the health and safety of the public at large .	sanas-accredited laboratories in the food safety sector plays an important role in monitoring the quality of food for import and export purposes , as well as for the health and safety of the public at large .
concepts similar to the lexical hypothesis are at the root of ordinary language philosophy .	concepts similar to the lexical hypothesis is at the root of ordinary language philosophy .
usage of deep arched niches attached to the frames of the arches is the peculiar feature of the architecture of cultic constructions .	usage of deep arched niches attached to the frames of the arches are the peculiar feature of the architecture of cultic constructions .
it has been shown that females who have a family history of substance abuse are more likely to suffer from substance abuse than males .	it has been shown that females who have a family history of substance abuse is more likely to suffer from substance abuse than males .
the osha has strict regulations regarding silica dust and requires a n95 niosh-approved respirator in work sites where dangerous amounts of silica dust are present .	the osha has strict regulations regarding silica dust and requires a n95 niosh-approved respirator in work sites where dangerous amounts of silica dust is present .
the ruled surfaces with base curve of genus 0 are the hirzebruch surfaces .	the ruled surfaces with base curve of genus 0 is the hirzebruch surfaces .
places of interest in the town centre are weatherfield central library , the dhss , queen 's shopping precinct , bessie street primary school and weatherfield town hall .	places of interest in the town centre is weatherfield central library , the dhss , queen 's shopping precinct , bessie street primary school and weatherfield town hall .
stations for the vessel from date of transfer until 1895 and a permanent station include marking wolf trap shoal from december 10 , 1893 until march 16 , 1884 after a boiler explosion had disabled lv-46 on august 28 , 1893 and that vessel was withdrawn for repair .	stations for the vessel from date of transfer until 1895 and a permanent station includes marking wolf trap shoal from december 10 , 1893 until march 16 , 1884 after a boiler explosion had disabled lv-46 on august 28 , 1893 and that vessel was withdrawn for repair .
the areas of the body most commonly affected are the hands , feet , trunk , abdomen , buttocks , legs and face .	the areas of the body most commonly affected is the hands , feet , trunk , abdomen , buttocks , legs and face .
considered to be in good condition by early surveyors , several walls and a raised stone platform are all that remain of ka ie ie today .	considered to be in good condition by early surveyors , several walls and a raised stone platform is all that remain of ka ie ie today .
a fire destroys a city block in the historical district of jeffersonville , indiana ; the largest fire in the history of the city .	a fire destroy a city block in the historical district of jeffersonville , indiana ; the largest fire in the history of the city .
and most records of the church follow that structure as well .	and most records of the church follows that structure as well .
however , i do believe that the ron paul campaign in particular is the only presidential campaign at present for 2008 which has so extensively mobilized itself at the local , grassroots level .	however , i do believe that the ron paul campaign in particular are the only presidential campaign at present for 2008 which has so extensively mobilized itself at the local , grassroots level .
the blocked user ( under whatever names he edits ) is likely to be looking for another area of wikipedia to attack , having been blocked multiple times in as many months .	the blocked user ( under whatever names he edit ) is likely to be looking for another area of wikipedia to attack , having been blocked multiple times in as many months .
the organisation 's presiding officers represent the students towards the city of stockholm , the stockholm county council , the stockholm county administrative board , and within the assembly for presidents and vice-chancellors of the universities and university colleges in stockholm .	the organisation 's presiding officers represents the students towards the city of stockholm , the stockholm county council , the stockholm county administrative board , and within the assembly for presidents and vice-chancellors of the universities and university colleges in stockholm .
as an argument against the current system , tort reformers link the rising costs of premiums for physicians ' medical malpractice insurance to the rising cost of personal and group policy health insurance coverage .	as an argument against the current system , tort reformers links the rising costs of premiums for physicians ' medical malpractice insurance to the rising cost of personal and group policy health insurance coverage .
and even if ft2 was wearing his administrator 's hat , i think the point still stands - he is trying to exert his authority as an arbitrator and , frankly , is ( unintentionally ) inflaming the situation .	and even if ft2 was wearing his administrator 's hat , i think the point still stand - he is trying to exert his authority as an arbitrator and , frankly , is ( unintentionally ) inflaming the situation .
the people reporting the edit warring are themselves quite guilty of edit-warring .	the people reporting the edit warring is themselves quite guilty of edit-warring .
the impending changes in the structure of energy production require an increasing demand for storage capacity .	the impending changes in the structure of energy production requires an increasing demand for storage capacity .
the coat of arms shows 3 leaves on a silver background .	the coat of arms show 3 leaves on a silver background .
the other communities in the district are gloucester township and runnemede .	the other communities in the district is gloucester township and runnemede .
the current coach is art briles , who was hired in november 2007 .	the current coach are art briles , who was hired in november 2007 .
the special features on each version of the game are the same .	the special features on each version of the game is the same .
random reports of what somebody claims they heard at a conference are in no way reliable .	random reports of what somebody claims they heard at a conference is in no way reliable .
elliott 's areas of particular interest are globalisation , trade , europe , development , and the interface between economics and the environment .	elliott 's areas of particular interest is globalisation , trade , europe , development , and the interface between economics and the environment .
bus facilities by state transportation are available to reach the temple precincts .	bus facilities by state transportation is available to reach the temple precincts .
bags of cement routinely have health and safety warnings printed on them because not only is cement highly alkaline , but the setting process is exothermic .	bags of cement routinely has health and safety warnings printed on them because not only is cement highly alkaline , but the setting process is exothermic .
the problem with interviews is that whilst thye may be published by a reliable source the factual content is usually largely provided by the subject ( not independent and not a reliable source ) so is not always verifiable .	the problem with interviews are that whilst thye may be published by a reliable source the factual content is usually largely provided by the subject ( not independent and not a reliable source ) so is not always verifiable .
the fact that they themselves were not directly involved in making decisions such as blocks or bans makes it easier for them to decide on different measures if they think that would work better .	the fact that they themselves were not directly involved in making decisions such as blocks or bans make it easier for them to decide on different measures if they think that would work better .
in calculus and related areas of mathematics , a linear function from the real numbers to the real numbers is a function whose graph is a line in the plane .	in calculus and related areas of mathematics , a linear function from the real numbers to the real numbers are a function whose graph is a line in the plane .
by reducing the uncertainty in the amount of ice , scientists can be more certain that changes in sea ice cover over time are real .	by reducing the uncertainty in the amount of ice , scientists can be more certain that changes in sea ice cover over time is real .
however , more recent patterns of migration such as chain migration challenge traditional methods of enclaves establishment .	however , more recent patterns of migration such as chain migration challenges traditional methods of enclaves establishment .
he may be a wonderful vandal fighter , but i think the comments about this matter at the talk page reflect a clear misunderstanding of practice , here .	he may be a wonderful vandal fighter , but i think the comments about this matter at the talk page reflects a clear misunderstanding of practice , here .
the origins of this style of role-playing are unknown , but it most likely originated in some form during the mid-to-late 1980s when bbs systems began gaining in popularity .	the origins of this style of role-playing is unknown , but it most likely originated in some form during the mid-to-late 1980s when bbs systems began gaining in popularity .
wiring systems in a single family home or duplex , for example , are simple , with relatively low power requirements , infrequent changes to the building structure and layout , usually with dry , moderate temperature , and non-corrosive environmental conditions .	wiring systems in a single family home or duplex , for example , is simple , with relatively low power requirements , infrequent changes to the building structure and layout , usually with dry , moderate temperature , and non-corrosive environmental conditions .
google searches for the title of the comic and the author produce no meaningful hits .	google searches for the title of the comic and the author produces no meaningful hits .
in physics , particularly electromagnetism , the lorentz force is the force on a point charge due to electromagnetic fields .	in physics , particularly electromagnetism , the lorentz force are the force on a point charge due to electromagnetic fields .
the deposits in the centre of the cliff face are from the mercia mudstone group and were formed about 200 million years ago .	the deposits in the centre of the cliff face is from the mercia mudstone group and were formed about 200 million years ago .
the artwork consists of fifteen individually designed yellow interactive bench installations strategically placed throughout the park location .	the artwork consist of fifteen individually designed yellow interactive bench installations strategically placed throughout the park location .
with the quark flavor the theorists try to get back the causality principle to physics .	with the quark flavor the theorists tries to get back the causality principle to physics .
the name derives from the grunewald hunting lodge of 1543 , the oldest preserved castle in berlin , which is however officially located on the grounds of the adjacent dahlem locality .	the name derive from the grunewald hunting lodge of 1543 , the oldest preserved castle in berlin , which is however officially located on the grounds of the adjacent dahlem locality .
finally , consider adding your website at the bottom of the list of external links rather than at the top ; the previous link about adding links to your own websites explains why adding new external links at the top is discouraged .	finally , consider adding your website at the bottom of the list of external links rather than at the top ; the previous link about adding links to your own websites explain why adding new external links at the top is discouraged .
other over-the-counter products marketed for the relief of minor injury or arthritis pain include absorbine jr .	other over-the-counter products marketed for the relief of minor injury or arthritis pain includes absorbine jr .
many students come from affluent backgrounds and very few require free school meals ; the number of students with disabilities , learning difficulties and special educational needs is well below the national average .	many students come from affluent backgrounds and very few require free school meals ; the number of students with disabilities , learning difficulties and special educational needs are well below the national average .
the obvious solution for legitimate editors who want to add images is to register .	the obvious solution for legitimate editors who want to add images are to register .
italian clocks , since neither day nor night , sun nor moon , exist for me , but only this artificial light that i import into the depths of the seas !	italian clocks , since neither day nor night , sun nor moon , exists for me , but only this artificial light that i import into the depths of the seas !
this is king 's smallest album to date , with only seven tracks on it ; however , the tracks on this album are some of the longest ever recorded by him .	this is king 's smallest album to date , with only seven tracks on it ; however , the tracks on this album is some of the longest ever recorded by him .
actually , to be `` uninformed or down right unintelligent '' is to overlook the fact that to the vast , overwhelming people in the world , white pride and white supremacy are largely interchangeable .	actually , to be `` uninformed or down right unintelligent '' is to overlook the fact that to the vast , overwhelming people in the world , white pride and white supremacy is largely interchangeable .
juices from the plant , as well as the oil , are antiseptic and resistant to pests .	juices from the plant , as well as the oil , is antiseptic and resistant to pests .
an important family of examples of conformal maps comes from complex analysis .	an important family of examples of conformal maps come from complex analysis .
the statute of limitations for injuries to children only starts at the eighteenth birthday .	the statute of limitations for injuries to children only start at the eighteenth birthday .
as a general rule , any article where the most reliable of the sources is the sun is probable unsuitable for wikipedia .	as a general rule , any article where the most reliable of the sources are the sun is probable unsuitable for wikipedia .
different wings of a sprawling complex are like this .	different wings of a sprawling complex is like this .
the trouble about the royalists is that they are like the flat earth society in having a counter-arguement for every possible suggestion that they are mistaken in their beliefs .	the trouble about the royalists are that they are like the flat earth society in having a counter-arguement for every possible suggestion that they are mistaken in their beliefs .
the native range of the species extends from southern thailand , tenasserim , peninsular malaysia and singapore to the indonesian islands of sumatra , java , bali and lombok .	the native range of the species extend from southern thailand , tenasserim , peninsular malaysia and singapore to the indonesian islands of sumatra , java , bali and lombok .
students with an interest in math and science have the opportunity to develop and showcase their talents and abilities through this academy .	students with an interest in math and science has the opportunity to develop and showcase their talents and abilities through this academy .
the only credible sources of information about this period , are the temples constructed by the pallavas , and the discovery of the uruvapalli copperplates among others which shed some light on the rulers of the time .	the only credible sources of information about this period , is the temples constructed by the pallavas , and the discovery of the uruvapalli copperplates among others which shed some light on the rulers of the time .
loyalty schemes , advertisement , and product differentiation are all examples of non-price competition .	loyalty schemes , advertisement , and product differentiation is all examples of non-price competition .
a special case of generalized least squares called weighted least squares occurs when all the off-diagonal entries of ω ( the correlation matrix of the residuals ) are 0 .	a special case of generalized least squares called weighted least squares occur when all the off-diagonal entries of ω ( the correlation matrix of the residuals ) are 0 .
major attractions in the area include ashton gate stadium , the home of professional football team bristol city f .	major attractions in the area includes ashton gate stadium , the home of professional football team bristol city f .
machines designed to transcribe speech into computer text allow deaf people to understand spoken words .	machines designed to transcribe speech into computer text allows deaf people to understand spoken words .
arguments in favor of this method usually consist of the ability to perform a surprise attack from sea , or that naval defenses of the area in question are inadequate to repel such an attack .	arguments in favor of this method usually consist of the ability to perform a surprise attack from sea , or that naval defenses of the area in question is inadequate to repel such an attack .
however , matrix multiplication is not commutative , therefore this group is nonabelian .	however , matrix multiplication is not commutative , therefore this group are nonabelian .
a lift table is a device that employs a scissors mechanism by correctly re-positioning work at a suitable height for operators .	a lift table are a device that employs a scissors mechanism by correctly re-positioning work at a suitable height for operators .
job titles as software developer or project lead are not explicitly considered there , though i think someone like andrew tridgell should certainly be considered notable even if he had nothing other than his software development projects ( which is still the main focus of his article ) .	job titles as software developer or project lead is not explicitly considered there , though i think someone like andrew tridgell should certainly be considered notable even if he had nothing other than his software development projects ( which is still the main focus of his article ) .
some designs of jack also have such a connection on the sleeve .	some designs of jack also has such a connection on the sleeve .
other members in the breakfast team include news anchor leanne nel , sport anchor liezl liebenberg , traffic presenter cathy de lange and producer lebogang kotsi .	other members in the breakfast team includes news anchor leanne nel , sport anchor liezl liebenberg , traffic presenter cathy de lange and producer lebogang kotsi .
as one reviewer noted , `` the reader is not quite sure whether he is intended to spot some confusion or contradiction or non sequitur in [ the protagonist 's ] arguments .	as one reviewer noted , `` the reader are not quite sure whether he is intended to spot some confusion or contradiction or non sequitur in [ the protagonist 's ] arguments .
additional elements present on the monument include the coat of arms of poland and the coat of arms of georgia .	additional elements present on the monument includes the coat of arms of poland and the coat of arms of georgia .
options for test execution include running a test case directly , grouping test cases into test suites for parallel or sequential execution , or creating test case and test-suite execution records to map test environment information directly to the test cases and test suites .	options for test execution includes running a test case directly , grouping test cases into test suites for parallel or sequential execution , or creating test case and test-suite execution records to map test environment information directly to the test cases and test suites .
some areas of the game are not immediately accessible , but are blocked by coloured doors .	some areas of the game is not immediately accessible , but are blocked by coloured doors .
the play uses dozens of witty techniques that distort the audience 's perception and understanding , such as top-down views ( a performer sits on the wall at the back of the stage ) , people running up walls and flying , and cleverly scaled sets .	the play use dozens of witty techniques that distort the audience 's perception and understanding , such as top-down views ( a performer sits on the wall at the back of the stage ) , people running up walls and flying , and cleverly scaled sets .
for coherence this article covers the war years from the start , and thus includes also the new zealand minesweepers operating from the beginning of the war .	for coherence this article cover the war years from the start , and thus includes also the new zealand minesweepers operating from the beginning of the war .
except for the transmitter in santa rosa , the transmitters in the channel 52 to 69 range are all community operated transmitters .	except for the transmitter in santa rosa , the transmitters in the channel 52 to 69 range is all community operated transmitters .
the novel tells of the misfortunes of a young man who , ultimately , seeks to transform them into life .	the novel tell of the misfortunes of a young man who , ultimately , seeks to transform them into life .
the profile pages and the fact it is a mainstream console game suggest notability .	the profile pages and the fact it is a mainstream console game suggests notability .
this is carried out by one or more related enzymes whose genes are members of the exostoses ( ext ) gene family of tumour suppressors .	this is carried out by one or more related enzymes whose genes is members of the exostoses ( ext ) gene family of tumour suppressors .
the dates of his birth and death are uncertain .	the dates of his birth and death is uncertain .
attributes that are successful during one season or time of day are unlikely to remain effective so players will need to continually evolve in order to prevent their enemies taking the advantage .	attributes that are successful during one season or time of day is unlikely to remain effective so players will need to continually evolve in order to prevent their enemies taking the advantage .
the average faculty member has 16 years of experience .	the average faculty member have 16 years of experience .
i think editors who go through scrutiny tend to use the tools more responsibly .	i think editors who go through scrutiny tends to use the tools more responsibly .
a logging crew sets off a second forest fire in the tillamook burn , which destroys .	a logging crew set off a second forest fire in the tillamook burn , which destroys .
the infection of the tentacles of the eyes seems to inhibit the perception of light intensity .	the infection of the tentacles of the eyes seem to inhibit the perception of light intensity .
this rapid motion of particles is what gives fire its heat , since descartes claims heat is nothing more than just the motion of particles , and what causes it to produce light .	this rapid motion of particles are what gives fire its heat , since descartes claims heat is nothing more than just the motion of particles , and what causes it to produce light .
songs from bonus disc comprise the first five tracks of the band 's june 2002 release live in the classic city and are from the opening of the band 's april 1 , 2000 performance .	songs from bonus disc comprises the first five tracks of the band 's june 2002 release live in the classic city and are from the opening of the band 's april 1 , 2000 performance .
its main base of operations is aeroparque jorge newbery , buenos aires .	its main base of operations are aeroparque jorge newbery , buenos aires .
the french authorities are allowing this village to decay and all buildings except the town hall and the church are in ruins .	the french authorities are allowing this village to decay and all buildings except the town hall and the church is in ruins .
the well is about twenty yards square and is entered by two opposite flights of ten steps each .	the well are about twenty yards square and is entered by two opposite flights of ten steps each .
the scene cuts to the autopsy room ; in black and white , we see al robbins and `` super '' dave phillips cheerfully dissecting nick , who watches dispassionately .	the scene cuts to the autopsy room ; in black and white , we sees al robbins and `` super '' dave phillips cheerfully dissecting nick , who watches dispassionately .
discussion needs to occur at all stages .	discussion need to occur at all stages .
in long range precision sport shooting rifles , the chamber and throat area of the barrel are often custom made for a particular cartridge , meaning the rifle ( system ) is consciously constructed for optimal use with a particular cartridge case and projectile combination .	in long range precision sport shooting rifles , the chamber and throat area of the barrel is often custom made for a particular cartridge , meaning the rifle ( system ) is consciously constructed for optimal use with a particular cartridge case and projectile combination .
the farming areas surrounding the town are also rich with old farmhouses , sheds and machinery .	the farming areas surrounding the town is also rich with old farmhouses , sheds and machinery .
concerns over diversion of lake water are of concern to both americans and canadians .	concerns over diversion of lake water is of concern to both americans and canadians .
the processes and chemistry described in this article are also applicable to the bleaching of non-wood pulps , such as those made from bamboo or kenaf .	the processes and chemistry described in this article is also applicable to the bleaching of non-wood pulps , such as those made from bamboo or kenaf .
officials describing the disposition matrix have described it as legally and morally sound , and the washington post has written that `` internal doubts about the effectiveness of the drone campaign are almost nonexistent '' .	officials describing the disposition matrix have described it as legally and morally sound , and the washington post has written that `` internal doubts about the effectiveness of the drone campaign is almost nonexistent '' .
the fruit is a long , flat , curving silique which may be 7 centimeters in length .	the fruit are a long , flat , curving silique which may be 7 centimeters in length .
the school dates back to the early 1860s , and has a current enrollment of around 80 pupils .	the school date back to the early 1860s , and has a current enrollment of around 80 pupils .
the closed sets with respect to a closure operator on s form a subset c of the power set p ( s ) .	the closed sets with respect to a closure operator on s forms a subset c of the power set p ( s ) .
other islands also in the immediate vicinity of the tip of hall peninsula include the harper islands , bear island , little hall island , and hudson island .	other islands also in the immediate vicinity of the tip of hall peninsula includes the harper islands , bear island , little hall island , and hudson island .
ants performing this activity include species in genera such as camponotus , pheidole , crematogaster , and pseudomyrmex .	ants performing this activity includes species in genera such as camponotus , pheidole , crematogaster , and pseudomyrmex .
due to the dangers from using lemon juice or vinegar to acidify the solution , packets of citric acid and vitamin c powder are available at needle exchanges in europe .	due to the dangers from using lemon juice or vinegar to acidify the solution , packets of citric acid and vitamin c powder is available at needle exchanges in europe .
statements made by a as to the state of his health at or near the time in question , are relevant facts .	statements made by a as to the state of his health at or near the time in question , is relevant facts .
the player spends most of the game solving the numerous puzzles ( such as translating an encrypted message , or opening a puzzle box to find a myriad of symbols , the use for which eventually becomes apparent ) .	the player spends most of the game solving the numerous puzzles ( such as translating an encrypted message , or opening a puzzle box to find a myriad of symbols , the use for which eventually become apparent ) .
in this sense , the high notes sung by the opera singer are the `` money notes '' that the audience is paying to see , and for which the opera singer commands their high salary .	in this sense , the high notes sung by the opera singer is the `` money notes '' that the audience is paying to see , and for which the opera singer commands their high salary .
its design cues in mobile armor form are reminiscent of a shark , able to move freely in sand like it were water .	its design cues in mobile armor form is reminiscent of a shark , able to move freely in sand like it were water .
it also assumes that the wages in the manufacturing sector are more or less fixed .	it also assumes that the wages in the manufacturing sector is more or less fixed .
the school has a faculty of 150 teachers for all curricular subjects up to class 12 .	the school have a faculty of 150 teachers for all curricular subjects up to class 12 .
the attitude of the colonists to their tenants and their families is exactly the same as towards their animals '' .	the attitude of the colonists to their tenants and their families are exactly the same as towards their animals '' .
components of the ( d , q ) system current vector , allow conventional control such as proportional and integral , or pi , control , as with a dc motor .	components of the ( d , q ) system current vector , allows conventional control such as proportional and integral , or pi , control , as with a dc motor .
its natural habitat is plantations .	its natural habitat are plantations .
at the same time , the back-and-forth accusations on the talk page reflect poorly on all editors .	at the same time , the back-and-forth accusations on the talk page reflects poorly on all editors .
bowl scrapers ( also known as rubber feet ) are , as the name suggests , used to remove material from mixing bowls .	bowl scrapers ( also known as rubber feet ) are , as the name suggest , used to remove material from mixing bowls .
delete without being able to look at any of the references , this looks entirely like original research .	delete without being able to look at any of the references , this look entirely like original research .
however , this technique also leads to the formation of several bitter and astringent flavors .	however , this technique also lead to the formation of several bitter and astringent flavors .
deletions of talk page content , i claim , constitute meta-meta-content .	deletions of talk page content , i claim , constitutes meta-meta-content .
i expect most visits are to look something up via the search box .	i expect most visits is to look something up via the search box .
he is told that arthur curtis is merely a role he is playing , and his real name is gerry raigan , an alcoholic movie star caught in the middle of a brutal divorce and a declining career .	he is told that arthur curtis is merely a role he is playing , and his real name are gerry raigan , an alcoholic movie star caught in the middle of a brutal divorce and a declining career .
the physical imprints of the city 's aviation industry remain .	the physical imprints of the city 's aviation industry remains .
soviet copyright laws are non-retroactive , and all works published in soviet union prior to may 27 , 1973 remain unprotected outside the former soviet union .	soviet copyright laws is non-retroactive , and all works published in soviet union prior to may 27 , 1973 remain unprotected outside the former soviet union .
perhaps she has other things on her mind , or perhaps she thinks her explanation of not changing things is sufficient .	perhaps she has other things on her mind , or perhaps she thinks her explanation of not changing things are sufficient .
the table below lists scores for flat horses only starting with the highest , rated at 147 which is the british horse frankel .	the table below lists scores for flat horses only starting with the highest , rated at 147 which are the british horse frankel .
other places of interest are the ruins of the canóvanas sugar mill , el español bridge , the old ceiba tree , and villarán park .	other places of interest is the ruins of the canóvanas sugar mill , el español bridge , the old ceiba tree , and villarán park .
the only survivors of the crash are the protagonist and a schoolgirl named naomi sugiura .	the only survivors of the crash is the protagonist and a schoolgirl named naomi sugiura .
but i do insist on leaving the delete tag until the problems are resolved .	but i do insist on leaving the delete tag until the problems is resolved .
the two most distinguishable features on the egg case are the keel and the absence or presence of a fibrous covering .	the two most distinguishable features on the egg case is the keel and the absence or presence of a fibrous covering .
plants infected with the disease are often slightly stunted , occasionally with yellow streaks on the flag leaf .	plants infected with the disease is often slightly stunted , occasionally with yellow streaks on the flag leaf .
overly intrusive searches , like a body cavity search , require probable cause .	overly intrusive searches , like a body cavity search , requires probable cause .
the fig fruits , important as both food and traditional medicine , contain laxative substances , flavonoids , sugars , vitamins a and c , acids and enzymes .	the fig fruits , important as both food and traditional medicine , contains laxative substances , flavonoids , sugars , vitamins a and c , acids and enzymes .
a lack of object permanence can lead to a-not-b errors , where children reach for a thing at a place where it should not be .	a lack of object permanence can lead to a-not-b errors , where children reaches for a thing at a place where it should not be .
advantages are that the effects of confounding variables are controlled , including the influence of observation on behaviour ; disadvantages are associated with the lack of relationship to the 'real world ' .	advantages is that the effects of confounding variables are controlled , including the influence of observation on behaviour ; disadvantages are associated with the lack of relationship to the 'real world ' .
during this period , the only true way for fans to distinguish the 1968 conversions from the 1969 originals is by the shape of the dashpad .	during this period , the only true way for fans to distinguish the 1968 conversions from the 1969 originals are by the shape of the dashpad .
unfortunately , systems requiring this kind of programming strategy are often also small ones with limited resources .	unfortunately , systems requiring this kind of programming strategy is often also small ones with limited resources .
the social science of restorative practices offers a common thread to tie together theory , research and practice in diverse fields such as education , counseling , criminal justice , social work and organizational management .	the social science of restorative practices offer a common thread to tie together theory , research and practice in diverse fields such as education , counseling , criminal justice , social work and organizational management .
these off-shore betting shops in fact return some percentage of every bet made to the bettor .	these off-shore betting shops in fact returns some percentage of every bet made to the bettor .
npov standards as the main article , the position is less clear cut regarding articles on obscure people or publications promoting a minority point of view , where sources showing the majority viewpoint are available byt none of these sources mentions the specific publication , for example .	npov standards as the main article , the position is less clear cut regarding articles on obscure people or publications promoting a minority point of view , where sources showing the majority viewpoint is available byt none of these sources mentions the specific publication , for example .
also , `` on demand '' appears after `` five dollars '' so that the full statement reads , `` the united states promise to pay to the bearer five dollars on demand '' .	also , `` on demand '' appears after `` five dollars '' so that the full statement read , `` the united states promise to pay to the bearer five dollars on demand '' .
the principal industries of the village are agriculture , the support of the virupaksha temple and some other local holy places in the vicinity , and tourism .	the principal industries of the village is agriculture , the support of the virupaksha temple and some other local holy places in the vicinity , and tourism .
give how touchy some people are about this film i thought it would be best for me not to put words in the speakers mouths .	give how touchy some people is about this film i thought it would be best for me not to put words in the speakers mouths .
short answer , the objections about time travel to the past above are correct .	short answer , the objections about time travel to the past above is correct .
bees use apitoxin and wasps apparently use `` a chemically different venom designed to paralyze prey , so it can be stored alive in the food chambers of their young '' .	bees uses apitoxin and wasps apparently use `` a chemically different venom designed to paralyze prey , so it can be stored alive in the food chambers of their young '' .
other colleges in the city include east west college of natural medicine , an accredited college of acupuncture and chinese medicine .	other colleges in the city includes east west college of natural medicine , an accredited college of acupuncture and chinese medicine .
many children from the village attend and so do those from places as far as leulumoega to falelatai .	many children from the village attend and so does those from places as far as leulumoega to falelatai .
the street lamps on the square are of two different designs .	the street lamps on the square is of two different designs .
supportcomment three links in the see also section are already in the template , the other three links should be in that template .	supportcomment three links in the see also section is already in the template , the other three links should be in that template .
a plaque in one of the chapels reads , in three languages , `` what you are now , we once were ; what we are now , you shall be .	a plaque in one of the chapels read , in three languages , `` what you are now , we once were ; what we are now , you shall be .
the total number of votes is 572 , 521 .	the total number of votes are 572 , 521 .
they note that the main explanatory factors in this trend are the continued decline in transportation and communication costs , and stability provided by the `` hegemonic system '' supportive of trade in recent world-systems .	they note that the main explanatory factors in this trend is the continued decline in transportation and communication costs , and stability provided by the `` hegemonic system '' supportive of trade in recent world-systems .
many parties take two days using this approach .	many parties takes two days using this approach .
these plans require the raising of the level of the platforms to the standard height of s-bahn platforms ( 76 cm ) .	these plans requires the raising of the level of the platforms to the standard height of s-bahn platforms ( 76 cm ) .
although the stretched-out range of this rather sedentary species is prone to habitat fragmentation in the long run , c .	although the stretched-out range of this rather sedentary species are prone to habitat fragmentation in the long run , c .
its southern end is at union city 's second street , the north boundary of washington park .	its southern end are at union city 's second street , the north boundary of washington park .
the novel opens with a declaration of the author 's intention to relate the events of her life , which introduces the first major theme of female adventure outside of the domestic sphere .	the novel open with a declaration of the author 's intention to relate the events of her life , which introduces the first major theme of female adventure outside of the domestic sphere .
the signatures that are considered in general model theory are often infinite , while a single first-order sentence contains only finitely many symbols .	the signatures that are considered in general model theory is often infinite , while a single first-order sentence contains only finitely many symbols .
the only known way to make complex systems simple for people who do n't want to read instructions is to hire a human expert who did read the instructions .	the only known way to make complex systems simple for people who do n't want to read instructions are to hire a human expert who did read the instructions .
in this case , things like the difference in size between nhl and international rinks are useful distinctions , but things like the objective of the game and icing are common to any ice hockey competition .	in this case , things like the difference in size between nhl and international rinks are useful distinctions , but things like the objective of the game and icing is common to any ice hockey competition .
accordingly , it is predicted that the chances of this project being implemented before 2025 are very slim , although increasing international pressure on reducing greenhouse gas ( ghg ) emissions from the energy generation sector may assist project initiation .	accordingly , it is predicted that the chances of this project being implemented before 2025 is very slim , although increasing international pressure on reducing greenhouse gas ( ghg ) emissions from the energy generation sector may assist project initiation .
not suprisingly things that live in salt water are a common source .	not suprisingly things that live in salt water is a common source .
inosculation also sometimes occurs where two stems on the same tree , shrub or vine make contact with each other .	inosculation also sometimes occurs where two stems on the same tree , shrub or vine makes contact with each other .
the songwriting duties fall to matt gervais and peter fedofsky , both celebrated songwriters for their solo work .	the songwriting duties falls to matt gervais and peter fedofsky , both celebrated songwriters for their solo work .
the ones that leave out the middle name are almost all the wiki editor ed poor .	the ones that leave out the middle name is almost all the wiki editor ed poor .
in the auxilia palatina infantry regiments , the proportion of barbarians in the ranks appears to have numbered anywhere between a third and a half of effectives ( compared to a quarter in the army as a whole ) .	in the auxilia palatina infantry regiments , the proportion of barbarians in the ranks appear to have numbered anywhere between a third and a half of effectives ( compared to a quarter in the army as a whole ) .
issues of identity , culture and memory are also the focus of two collection of essays , yehudim hadashim , yehudim yeshanim ( new jews , old jews ) , and yehudim , tziyonim umah shebeinehem ( jews , zionists and between ) .	issues of identity , culture and memory is also the focus of two collection of essays , yehudim hadashim , yehudim yeshanim ( new jews , old jews ) , and yehudim , tziyonim umah shebeinehem ( jews , zionists and between ) .
the juvenile mantle tissue cells , according to their stage of growth , produce columnar calcium carbonate , which is secreted from the inner surface of the pearl sack .	the juvenile mantle tissue cells , according to their stage of growth , produces columnar calcium carbonate , which is secreted from the inner surface of the pearl sack .
the mice use the unwanted items to spice up the dress .	the mice uses the unwanted items to spice up the dress .
read a bit more carefully , the senstence means that anyones subjective agreement that this work can be called art is simultaneously a subject of disagrement , which can never be resolved ( de gustibus ) and most importantly a topic of irrelevance to the afd .	read a bit more carefully , the senstence means that anyones subjective agreement that this work can be called art are simultaneously a subject of disagrement , which can never be resolved ( de gustibus ) and most importantly a topic of irrelevance to the afd .
the oldest record of wire being made for musical instruments is from augsburg in 1351 ; this probably predates the harpsichord and may have been wire for a psaltery .	the oldest record of wire being made for musical instruments are from augsburg in 1351 ; this probably predates the harpsichord and may have been wire for a psaltery .
animal exhibits in this portion of the park include cownose rays , southern stingrays , green sea turtles , hawksbill sea turtle , loggerhead sea turtle , atlantic bottlenose dolphins , greater flamingos , west indian manatees , american alligators and brown pelicans .	animal exhibits in this portion of the park includes cownose rays , southern stingrays , green sea turtles , hawksbill sea turtle , loggerhead sea turtle , atlantic bottlenose dolphins , greater flamingos , west indian manatees , american alligators and brown pelicans .
these buses have the same engines that the 2006 c40lfrs have , but use a direct-drive engine cooling system rather than the emp mini-hybrid electric cooling fans used in the 2006 c40lfrs .	these buses has the same engines that the 2006 c40lfrs have , but use a direct-drive engine cooling system rather than the emp mini-hybrid electric cooling fans used in the 2006 c40lfrs .
why fæ believes my personal travel plans and my cable television provider are relevant to this complaint about his conduct is something i can not understand .	why fæ believes my personal travel plans and my cable television provider is relevant to this complaint about his conduct is something i can not understand .
the search for meaningful origins for familiar or strange words is far older than the modern understanding of linguistic evolution and the relationships of languages , which began no earlier than the 18th century .	the search for meaningful origins for familiar or strange words are far older than the modern understanding of linguistic evolution and the relationships of languages , which began no earlier than the 18th century .
the research draws from three waves of data from the national longitudinal study of adolescent health and examines education , crime levels , substance abuse and socializing among adolescents and young adults .	the research draws from three waves of data from the national longitudinal study of adolescent health and examine education , crime levels , substance abuse and socializing among adolescents and young adults .
other names in common use include trihexosyl ceramide galactosidase , ceramide trihexosidase , ceramidetrihexoside alpha-galactosidase , trihexosylceramide alpha-galactosidase , and ceramidetrihexosidase .	other names in common use includes trihexosyl ceramide galactosidase , ceramide trihexosidase , ceramidetrihexoside alpha-galactosidase , trihexosylceramide alpha-galactosidase , and ceramidetrihexosidase .
the attacks build to a crisis , and the college community of students , dons and servants is almost torn apart by suspicion and fear .	the attacks build to a crisis , and the college community of students , dons and servants are almost torn apart by suspicion and fear .
two working women , fresh from the office , go to the beach and sit in a convertible , holding hands while talking on their cell phones .	two working women , fresh from the office , goes to the beach and sit in a convertible , holding hands while talking on their cell phones .
however all musical performances - from one man playing a guitar on up - are subject to the demands once implemented by the council .	however all musical performances - from one man playing a guitar on up - is subject to the demands once implemented by the council .
however , the number of images in each categories is larger .	however , the number of images in each categories are larger .
young mayors may be notable , but young candidates for city council are not .	young mayors may be notable , but young candidates for city council is not .
important influences on the life span are site specific ( wind speed , storms , icing conditions ) and the quality of the maintenance of the turbines .	important influences on the life span is site specific ( wind speed , storms , icing conditions ) and the quality of the maintenance of the turbines .
there are a lot question marks about some of the fundamental data which has been used to build models that requires caution .	there are a lot question mark about some of the fundamental data which has been used to build models that requires caution .
the forest in frozen head 's lower elevations consists of a mixed mesophytic forest , and includes species of hemlock , maple , tulip poplar , oak , and hickory .	the forest in frozen head 's lower elevations consist of a mixed mesophytic forest , and includes species of hemlock , maple , tulip poplar , oak , and hickory .
proponents of the solar bowl design claim the reduction in overall power output compared with tracking parabolic mirrors is offset by lower system costs .	proponents of the solar bowl design claims the reduction in overall power output compared with tracking parabolic mirrors is offset by lower system costs .
other places where the filming will take place include the jungles of mpumalanga , elands river valley , blyde river canyon , kruger national park , mountains of drakensberg and the kalahari desert .	other places where the filming will take place includes the jungles of mpumalanga , elands river valley , blyde river canyon , kruger national park , mountains of drakensberg and the kalahari desert .
fibonacci identity states that the product of two sums of two squares is a sum of two squares .	fibonacci identity states that the product of two sums of two squares are a sum of two squares .
if your prospective employers are sorry for not bringing their sunglasses for protection against the blinding shine of your shoes , it might not have the desired effect .	if your prospective employers is sorry for not bringing their sunglasses for protection against the blinding shine of your shoes , it might not have the desired effect .
when the coefficients , a , b , c , and d , are real numbers ( with a nonzero ) , the cubic is guaranteed to have a real root ; but it may have only one .	when the coefficients , a , b , c , and d , is real numbers ( with a nonzero ) , the cubic is guaranteed to have a real root ; but it may have only one .
while the graphics , scenery and audio are quite sparse and basic , the instruments and flight dynamics of a f-16c fighting falcon are fully featured and modeled .	while the graphics , scenery and audio is quite sparse and basic , the instruments and flight dynamics of a f-16c fighting falcon are fully featured and modeled .
mortgages of real property need not generally be registered ; mortgages of personal property for the most part require registration under the bills of sale acts ( see pledge , and bill of sale ) .	mortgages of real property need not generally be registered ; mortgages of personal property for the most part requires registration under the bills of sale acts ( see pledge , and bill of sale ) .
these different types of car finance are possible because of the high residual value of cars and the second hand car market , which enables other forms of financing beyond pure unsecured loans .	these different types of car finance is possible because of the high residual value of cars and the second hand car market , which enables other forms of financing beyond pure unsecured loans .
another set of stretches involves tilting and extending the neck opposite to the side of the injury while keeping the injured arm down or wrapped around the back .	another set of stretches involve tilting and extending the neck opposite to the side of the injury while keeping the injured arm down or wrapped around the back .
dirac statistics , the term degenerate was not yet in use ) have a pressure much higher than the partial pressure of the ions .	dirac statistics , the term degenerate was not yet in use ) has a pressure much higher than the partial pressure of the ions .
the symptoms of that shift during the first decade of the 20th century are countless and redoubtable , bursting practically overnight , and were soon to be perceived by the reactionary adversaries as no more than grotesque , incomprehensible , to be considered with haughty amusement .	the symptoms of that shift during the first decade of the 20th century is countless and redoubtable , bursting practically overnight , and were soon to be perceived by the reactionary adversaries as no more than grotesque , incomprehensible , to be considered with haughty amusement .
many twa flight 800 alternative theories exist , the most prevalent being that a missile strike from a terrorist or u .	many twa flight 800 alternative theories exists , the most prevalent being that a missile strike from a terrorist or u .
the fact that some performers are marketed as having large breasts ( as opposed to merely having large breasts ) is verifiable and vaguely notable .	the fact that some performers are marketed as having large breasts ( as opposed to merely having large breasts ) are verifiable and vaguely notable .
spohn ranch 's roots date back to the 1980s when founder and president , aaron spohn , was living in venice beach , california .	spohn ranch 's roots dates back to the 1980s when founder and president , aaron spohn , was living in venice beach , california .
the figure also shows the time domain representation of the resulting vibration .	the figure also show the time domain representation of the resulting vibration .
in autumn the lower ring of ( female ) flowers forms a cluster of bright red berries which remain after the spathe and other leaves have withered away .	in autumn the lower ring of ( female ) flowers form a cluster of bright red berries which remain after the spathe and other leaves have withered away .
if i remember my chemistry correctly glass does not react with acid because the electrons of the silicone dioxide that glass is composed of are too strongly attracted to its own molecule .	if i remember my chemistry correctly glass does not react with acid because the electrons of the silicone dioxide that glass is composed of is too strongly attracted to its own molecule .
traditional biomass fuels release emissions that contain pollutants dangerous to health , such as small particles , carbon monoxide ( co ) , nitrogen dioxide , butadiene , formaldehyde , and carcinogens such as benzopyrene and benzene .	traditional biomass fuels releases emissions that contain pollutants dangerous to health , such as small particles , carbon monoxide ( co ) , nitrogen dioxide , butadiene , formaldehyde , and carcinogens such as benzopyrene and benzene .
down syndrome in humans is an example of polysomy where affected individuals possess three copies ( trisomy ) of chromosome 21 .	down syndrome in humans are an example of polysomy where affected individuals possess three copies ( trisomy ) of chromosome 21 .
small seminars in which everyone learns from one another remain central to the shimer education .	small seminars in which everyone learns from one another remains central to the shimer education .
other instruments featured in a baroque orchestra include the harpsichord and lautenwerk , viola da gamba and bass viol , recorder , baroque bassoon , lute and theorbo .	other instruments featured in a baroque orchestra includes the harpsichord and lautenwerk , viola da gamba and bass viol , recorder , baroque bassoon , lute and theorbo .
some changes early in driver life are complementary ( such as a reduction in fs accompanied by a rise in vas ) and result in minimal net changes ( small fractions of a db ) in frequency response .	some changes early in driver life is complementary ( such as a reduction in fs accompanied by a rise in vas ) and result in minimal net changes ( small fractions of a db ) in frequency response .
one other difference is that the skin on the palms and soles has a stratum lucidum layer , unlike the skin on most parts of the body .	one other difference is that the skin on the palms and soles have a stratum lucidum layer , unlike the skin on most parts of the body .
the physical characteristics , type and quality of water all play a big role in the success of food processing .	the physical characteristics , type and quality of water all plays a big role in the success of food processing .
the idea is that a small body of four or five people is better able to make certain decisions than a large , unwieldy city council .	the idea is that a small body of four or five people are better able to make certain decisions than a large , unwieldy city council .
commanded by the dragon-like general draydou , this army has a mix of air and ground troops .	commanded by the dragon-like general draydou , this army have a mix of air and ground troops .
recreational facilities , a world war ii museum , and flag monument keep alive the memory of over 4 , 000 united states military personnel and local islanders who died in june 1944 .	recreational facilities , a world war ii museum , and flag monument keeps alive the memory of over 4 , 000 united states military personnel and local islanders who died in june 1944 .
the region between the two passes is mostly wilderness , and the majority of it has been set aside and protected from future development .	the region between the two passes are mostly wilderness , and the majority of it has been set aside and protected from future development .
this hydrated salt is the more common one .	this hydrated salt are the more common one .
sharing needles and any form of unprotected sex are two other common risky actions .	sharing needles and any form of unprotected sex is two other common risky actions .
for seabirds , the location of colonies on islands , which are inaccessible to terrestrial predators , is an obvious advantage .	for seabirds , the location of colonies on islands , which are inaccessible to terrestrial predators , are an obvious advantage .
additionally , uncontrolled release of pets in some areas is also a threat to the species .	additionally , uncontrolled release of pets in some areas are also a threat to the species .
in comparison , the only g8 countries in top 20 ranking with fastest performance improvement are italy at tenth and canada at 13th globally .	in comparison , the only g8 countries in top 20 ranking with fastest performance improvement is italy at tenth and canada at 13th globally .
evidently , relations between the catholic church , especially the local bishop , and the university 's faculty of theology remain strong yet general policy is not influenced by these connections .	evidently , relations between the catholic church , especially the local bishop , and the university 's faculty of theology remains strong yet general policy is not influenced by these connections .
average wages in sugar cane and ethanol production are above the official minimum wage , but minimum wages may be insufficient to avoid poverty .	average wages in sugar cane and ethanol production is above the official minimum wage , but minimum wages may be insufficient to avoid poverty .
critical geopolitics 'theory ' is not fixed or homogeneous , but core features - especially a concern for discourse analysis - are fundamental .	critical geopolitics 'theory ' is not fixed or homogeneous , but core features - especially a concern for discourse analysis - is fundamental .
whether or not the users add sources to their additions , in my eyes i saw it as insulting and belittling to these other users the terminology used to refer to them .	whether or not the users adds sources to their additions , in my eyes i saw it as insulting and belittling to these other users the terminology used to refer to them .
the external link detector just looks at the rendered version of a page .	the external link detector just look at the rendered version of a page .
if the model constraints in the probability assignment are a `` good '' description , containing all the information needed to predict reproducible experimental results , then that includes all of the results one could predict using the formulae involving entropy from classical thermodynamics .	if the model constraints in the probability assignment is a `` good '' description , containing all the information needed to predict reproducible experimental results , then that includes all of the results one could predict using the formulae involving entropy from classical thermodynamics .
some versions ( usually referred to as stuffed ) have two layers of crust with the sauce on top .	some versions ( usually referred to as stuffed ) has two layers of crust with the sauce on top .
right , and the original photographer needs to grant permission to release the photo under a free license .	right , and the original photographer need to grant permission to release the photo under a free license .
for the sake of completeness , i think his earlier salaries made through arbitration are important information as well , and it might be jarring to add salary information in only the big contract and his current contract , without giving context on what he made prior .	for the sake of completeness , i think his earlier salaries made through arbitration is important information as well , and it might be jarring to add salary information in only the big contract and his current contract , without giving context on what he made prior .
the mechanisms of cosmic ray production continue to be debated .	the mechanisms of cosmic ray production continues to be debated .
line officers of the surface warfare community earn the surface warfare officer ( swo ) insignia .	line officers of the surface warfare community earns the surface warfare officer ( swo ) insignia .
women , for example , who are usually under-represented in parliament , may be appointed as an nmp to provide alternate views .	women , for example , who is usually under-represented in parliament , may be appointed as an nmp to provide alternate views .
this rationale applies not just to improvements on the products a company makes , but also the process by which it makes them .	this rationale applies not just to improvements on the products a company make , but also the process by which it makes them .
two other primary methods of brewing tea are the chaou method and the gongfucha method .	two other primary methods of brewing tea is the chaou method and the gongfucha method .
groups constituting less than 1 percent of the population include hindus , sikhs , and bahais .	groups constituting less than 1 percent of the population includes hindus , sikhs , and bahais .
his credits in rock and roll include the debut albums of both janis joplin and ted nugent ( the amboy dukes ) .	his credits in rock and roll includes the debut albums of both janis joplin and ted nugent ( the amboy dukes ) .
where hunts and fox hunting remain legal today , such as in the united states , terriers are little used .	where hunts and fox hunting remains legal today , such as in the united states , terriers are little used .
the article itself is high quality .	the article itself are high quality .
despite the limited results , many theorists predict that the evolution of such systems will eventually replace manual classification systems .	despite the limited results , many theorists predicts that the evolution of such systems will eventually replace manual classification systems .
the reason for this is that as the suspects go to trial , the details of the plot tend to overwhelm the page of the institution allegedly targeted .	the reason for this is that as the suspects go to trial , the details of the plot tends to overwhelm the page of the institution allegedly targeted .
finally a cursory look at the users contributions shows a close similarilty in terms of topic interests between tropical wind and matthead .	finally a cursory look at the users contributions show a close similarilty in terms of topic interests between tropical wind and matthead .
ethnic groups that were considered to be constitutive ( explicitly mentioned in the constitution , and not considered minority or immigrant ) appear in bold text .	ethnic groups that were considered to be constitutive ( explicitly mentioned in the constitution , and not considered minority or immigrant ) appears in bold text .
the chances of making a hit there are much higher .	the chances of making a hit there is much higher .
in terms of financial value , the fish species of interest , in the order of precedence , are cod , sand eel , plaice , herring and norway lobster .	in terms of financial value , the fish species of interest , in the order of precedence , is cod , sand eel , plaice , herring and norway lobster .
the most accurate source of data is to test samples of the actual devices or systems in order to generate failure data .	the most accurate source of data are to test samples of the actual devices or systems in order to generate failure data .
students planning to attend a public college , university , or technical college have two options for applying for the hope scholarship .	students planning to attend a public college , university , or technical college has two options for applying for the hope scholarship .
an overnight sleep study is usually not needed to detect this disorder , but may be indicated if other sleep disorders , such as sleep apnea and periodic limb movement disorder , seem likely .	an overnight sleep study is usually not needed to detect this disorder , but may be indicated if other sleep disorders , such as sleep apnea and periodic limb movement disorder , seems likely .
a list of groups referred to as cults is a list of individual opinions , which is significantly different from list of factual data .	a list of groups referred to as cults are a list of individual opinions , which is significantly different from list of factual data .
thus , the two substrates of this enzyme are dolichyl phosphate d-mannose and protein , whereas its two products are dolichyl phosphate and o-d-mannosylprotein .	thus , the two substrates of this enzyme is dolichyl phosphate d-mannose and protein , whereas its two products are dolichyl phosphate and o-d-mannosylprotein .
ethiopian painting , on walls , in books , and in icons , is highly distinctive , though the style and iconography are closely related to the simplified coptic version of late antique and byzantine christian art .	ethiopian painting , on walls , in books , and in icons , are highly distinctive , though the style and iconography are closely related to the simplified coptic version of late antique and byzantine christian art .
another way ( ignoring losses in magnetic cores at high frequencies ) is to construct this bearing as an axis with a sphere at each end .	another way ( ignoring losses in magnetic cores at high frequencies ) are to construct this bearing as an axis with a sphere at each end .
the model 92 was designed in 1972 and production of many variants in different calibers continues today .	the model 92 was designed in 1972 and production of many variants in different calibers continue today .
cricket bowlers , since they are not restricted to a small strike zone as their target , also use a wide variety of approaches which are not available to baseball pitchers .	cricket bowlers , since they are not restricted to a small strike zone as their target , also uses a wide variety of approaches which are not available to baseball pitchers .
the population of all the villages and outlying communities combined is about 17 , 800 people .	the population of all the villages and outlying communities combined are about 17 , 800 people .
the issue of sourcing for biographies of living people is vast and can not be resolved without a large and concerted effort by the community , which can only be engaged and organized through consensus .	the issue of sourcing for biographies of living people are vast and can not be resolved without a large and concerted effort by the community , which can only be engaged and organized through consensus .
members of the surveyor user group have the ability to mark pages as sighted , have access to a list of unreviewed pages , and can use the rollback feature .	members of the surveyor user group has the ability to mark pages as sighted , have access to a list of unreviewed pages , and can use the rollback feature .
the parcel is the largest plot of open space in the district and makes cua the largest university in d .	the parcel are the largest plot of open space in the district and makes cua the largest university in d .
however , examples of the significance of meaning and spiritual integrity exist in north america as well .	however , examples of the significance of meaning and spiritual integrity exists in north america as well .
considerable portions of text in the history section seem to be drawn from [ 3 ] .	considerable portions of text in the history section seems to be drawn from [ 3 ] .
lower schools in the township are devon elementary school and beaumont elementary school .	lower schools in the township is devon elementary school and beaumont elementary school .
the deep-sided drains that are managed by frequent dredging and contaminated by agricultural run off are poor habitats for wildlife .	the deep-sided drains that are managed by frequent dredging and contaminated by agricultural run off is poor habitats for wildlife .
the earliest parts of the building date from the 12th century , and stonework suggest that by 1200 it was already its present size .	the earliest parts of the building date from the 12th century , and stonework suggests that by 1200 it was already its present size .
the idea that some statements are more actions than communicative statements is not as odd as it may seem .	the idea that some statements are more actions than communicative statements are not as odd as it may seem .
the military men now in effective control of the project conclude that if pickering is exposed , he might never have influence with cleveland , and the u .	the military men now in effective control of the project concludes that if pickering is exposed , he might never have influence with cleveland , and the u .
the parish includes the hamlet of langley , west of leafield village .	the parish include the hamlet of langley , west of leafield village .
new system posting of the trains has arrival .	new system posting of the trains have arrival .
sweetie is upset that buster and babs star in all the episodes , and demands she gets one for herself .	sweetie is upset that buster and babs star in all the episodes , and demands she get one for herself .
at the high school level the student is able to choose from over 30 elective courses from several categories including , but not inclusive of art , bible , business , computer , science , foreign languages , english literature , government and history .	at the high school level the student are able to choose from over 30 elective courses from several categories including , but not inclusive of art , bible , business , computer , science , foreign languages , english literature , government and history .
hence , some guides recommend avoiding consumption of hygrophoropsis as well .	hence , some guides recommends avoiding consumption of hygrophoropsis as well .
a few episodes take place in alternate but familiar settings , like an airport or a train station .	a few episodes takes place in alternate but familiar settings , like an airport or a train station .
the interior spaces of the stairwell , lobby and courtroom are examples of outstanding craftsmanship .	the interior spaces of the stairwell , lobby and courtroom is examples of outstanding craftsmanship .
nuclear weapons dropped by parachute or landing in water are more likely to survive the impact , however .	nuclear weapons dropped by parachute or landing in water is more likely to survive the impact , however .
criminal acts calculated to provoke a state of terror in the general public are in any circumstances unjustifiable , whatever the considerations of a political , philosophical , ideological , racial , ethnic , religious or other nature that may be invoked to justify them .	criminal acts calculated to provoke a state of terror in the general public is in any circumstances unjustifiable , whatever the considerations of a political , philosophical , ideological , racial , ethnic , religious or other nature that may be invoked to justify them .
this section has single main line in which suburban trains as well as other trains are operated .	this section have single main line in which suburban trains as well as other trains are operated .
houses from this period feature their own architectural design .	houses from this period features their own architectural design .
after sievers , scholars would find similar alternations in greek and latin , and alternation between and , though the evidence is poor for all of these .	after sievers , scholars would find similar alternations in greek and latin , and alternation between and , though the evidence are poor for all of these .
the next three daughters of this noble gaseous member of the thorium decay chain are all alpha emitters with energies of several mev , so its deposition of them in the lungs can be quite carcinogenic .	the next three daughters of this noble gaseous member of the thorium decay chain is all alpha emitters with energies of several mev , so its deposition of them in the lungs can be quite carcinogenic .
the most obvious difference between rabbits and hares is how their kits are born .	the most obvious difference between rabbits and hares are how their kits are born .
de 1a passes more residences before the road becomes undivided again and comes to an intersection with christian street .	de 1a passes more residences before the road become undivided again and comes to an intersection with christian street .
in the classical model , investments in human capital and financial capital are important predictors of the performance of a new venture .	in the classical model , investments in human capital and financial capital is important predictors of the performance of a new venture .
the links at the bottom of the list provide excellent examples of how this should have been done .	the links at the bottom of the list provides excellent examples of how this should have been done .
by the novelty and the daring of the new style the individual members of this façade are in marked contrast to the older parts of the building ; the front , moreover , is connected directly with the body of the cathedral .	by the novelty and the daring of the new style the individual members of this façade is in marked contrast to the older parts of the building ; the front , moreover , is connected directly with the body of the cathedral .
the primary goals of stroke management are to reduce brain injury and promote maximum patient recovery .	the primary goals of stroke management is to reduce brain injury and promote maximum patient recovery .
the arguments for and against the existence of god are many , and many studied so well in logic and critical thinking as to be categorized , etc .	the arguments for and against the existence of god is many , and many studied so well in logic and critical thinking as to be categorized , etc .
however not every molecule with polar bonds is a polar molecule .	however not every molecule with polar bonds are a polar molecule .
the le quesnel memorial site is a small keyhole shaped park situated beside the d934 highway between amiens and roye on the southwest fringe of le quesnel village .	the le quesnel memorial site are a small keyhole shaped park situated beside the d934 highway between amiens and roye on the southwest fringe of le quesnel village .
stunted individuals of pond cypress are notable in the dwarf cypress savanna of the everglades national park .	stunted individuals of pond cypress is notable in the dwarf cypress savanna of the everglades national park .
religious views concerning the need for one to work to support society and further god 's plan and work also suggest that , through inactivity , one invites the desire to sin .	religious views concerning the need for one to work to support society and further god 's plan and work also suggests that , through inactivity , one invites the desire to sin .
the people as well as the other automobiles in the background are distracting , and the completely blown tents and sky are major detractors from the picture .	the people as well as the other automobiles in the background are distracting , and the completely blown tents and sky is major detractors from the picture .
other examples of hydrogen peroxide 's action as a reducing agent are reaction with sodium hypochlorite or potassium permanganate , which is a convenient method for preparing oxygen in the laboratory .	other examples of hydrogen peroxide 's action as a reducing agent is reaction with sodium hypochlorite or potassium permanganate , which is a convenient method for preparing oxygen in the laboratory .
the fruit is a small capsule containing many seeds .	the fruit are a small capsule containing many seeds .
many towns that can not support a single franchise restaurant still have a thriving chinese food restaurant .	many towns that can not support a single franchise restaurant still has a thriving chinese food restaurant .
the historical period of these events remains obscure .	the historical period of these events remain obscure .
drug companies and the health industry have far more political clout in the united states than criminals and gangs .	drug companies and the health industry has far more political clout in the united states than criminals and gangs .
this is how the cycles of evolution and dissolution follow each other .	this is how the cycles of evolution and dissolution follows each other .
the pipes for this added organ are located at the back of the chapel , while the original four sets ( great , choir , swell and pedal ) are at the front .	the pipes for this added organ are located at the back of the chapel , while the original four sets ( great , choir , swell and pedal ) is at the front .
the level locations of the game in order are uranus , saturn , jupiter , and the final level , earth .	the level locations of the game in order is uranus , saturn , jupiter , and the final level , earth .
proper attention to minor tasks prevents emergencies .	proper attention to minor tasks prevent emergencies .
other sites of interest in the park are opeh guling waterfall , buaya sangkut waterfall and salt licks around gunung tiong .	other sites of interest in the park is opeh guling waterfall , buaya sangkut waterfall and salt licks around gunung tiong .
the list of ministers at park street church makes it look like it is a notable position .	the list of ministers at park street church make it look like it is a notable position .
however , low computer penetration rates and inconsistent government policy remain major impediments to internet growth .	however , low computer penetration rates and inconsistent government policy remains major impediments to internet growth .
with its breathtaking landscape and its unique arch through the building , the matrade building is an architecturally-acclaimed icon in kuala lumpur which can be seen from miles away .	with its breathtaking landscape and its unique arch through the building , the matrade building are an architecturally-acclaimed icon in kuala lumpur which can be seen from miles away .
the `` maturita '' results of the applicant are usually also taken into account when evaluating whether he can become student of the school .	the `` maturita '' results of the applicant is usually also taken into account when evaluating whether he can become student of the school .
common forms of preventive medication for sheep are vaccinations and treatments for parasites .	common forms of preventive medication for sheep is vaccinations and treatments for parasites .
the electrodes at the front and the back of the crystal usually are key-hole shaped , thereby making the resonator thicker in the center than at the rim .	the electrodes at the front and the back of the crystal usually is key-hole shaped , thereby making the resonator thicker in the center than at the rim .
anthony boucher reviewed fancies and goodnights favorably for the new york times , saying `` the very best short stories of murder of this or almost any other year appear as a minority in a volume chiefly devoted to superlative supernatural fantasy .	anthony boucher reviewed fancies and goodnights favorably for the new york times , saying `` the very best short stories of murder of this or almost any other year appears as a minority in a volume chiefly devoted to superlative supernatural fantasy .
questions like that are your chance to post diffs that show how good you are .	questions like that is your chance to post diffs that show how good you are .
when they slept on the island for the first night , she dreamed that three snakes lay in her lap , and she thought they were sliding off her lap .	when they slept on the island for the first night , she dreamed that three snakes lays in her lap , and she thought they were sliding off her lap .
in an early scene , the members of an impoverished farming family solemnly take turns dipping their ladles into the single bowl of watery soup that is their only meal of the day .	in an early scene , the members of an impoverished farming family solemnly takes turns dipping their ladles into the single bowl of watery soup that is their only meal of the day .
the film opens with a flashback showing the family feud between families of sundarlinzgaprabakar ( vijayakanth ) and bhavani ( indraja ) .	the film open with a flashback showing the family feud between families of sundarlinzgaprabakar ( vijayakanth ) and bhavani ( indraja ) .
to ensure that the values with zero tangent slope are indeed a maximum ( instead of a saddle-point or a minimum ) one has to also satisfy the condition that the curvature is negative .	to ensure that the values with zero tangent slope is indeed a maximum ( instead of a saddle-point or a minimum ) one has to also satisfy the condition that the curvature is negative .
frontman adam duritz has stated in concert that the song is about `` people mistaking you for a dependable guy '' .	frontman adam duritz has stated in concert that the song are about `` people mistaking you for a dependable guy '' .
the most common pet species of hedgehog are hybrids of the white-bellied hedgehog or four-toed hedgehog ( atelerix albiventris ) and the north african hedgehog ( a .	the most common pet species of hedgehog is hybrids of the white-bellied hedgehog or four-toed hedgehog ( atelerix albiventris ) and the north african hedgehog ( a .
the merits of the article subject , such as being an academic , peer-reviewed journal , are irrelevant in light of that policy .	the merits of the article subject , such as being an academic , peer-reviewed journal , is irrelevant in light of that policy .
fried , the authors of pay without performance , critique of executive pay , argue that executive capture of corporate governance is so complete that only public relations , i .	fried , the authors of pay without performance , critique of executive pay , argues that executive capture of corporate governance is so complete that only public relations , i .
these novels are by the scots author walter scott .	these novels is by the scots author walter scott .
the new testament 's description of people who had evil spirits includes a capacity for hidden knowledge ( e .	the new testament 's description of people who had evil spirits include a capacity for hidden knowledge ( e .
the most common types of content template include infoboxes and navboxes .	the most common types of content template includes infoboxes and navboxes .
the main claims to notability are now in there and substantiated by reliable sources .	the main claims to notability is now in there and substantiated by reliable sources .
meanwhile , ajay meets and befriends a crippled boy named shakti ( rattan kumar ) whose character is the opposite of ajay .	meanwhile , ajay meets and befriends a crippled boy named shakti ( rattan kumar ) whose character are the opposite of ajay .
the catalog , which contains more than 8 million references , allows students and researcher to search for bibliographical and location information in over 3 , 400 documentation centers .	the catalog , which contains more than 8 million references , allow students and researcher to search for bibliographical and location information in over 3 , 400 documentation centers .
the objective of these standards documents is to establish a foundation of performance and behavior that all digital sign systems can follow .	the objective of these standards documents are to establish a foundation of performance and behavior that all digital sign systems can follow .
similar international editions of the magazine exist in sweden , finland , the united kingdom , the republic of ireland , germany , france , italy , spain , belgium , portugal and australia .	similar international editions of the magazine exists in sweden , finland , the united kingdom , the republic of ireland , germany , france , italy , spain , belgium , portugal and australia .
first off , the title is horrible .	first off , the title are horrible .
her diverse practice draws on the legacies of constructivism and minimalism and often involves a critical , open dialogue with modernist architecture and contemporary visual and material culture .	her diverse practice draws on the legacies of constructivism and minimalism and often involve a critical , open dialogue with modernist architecture and contemporary visual and material culture .
the garden is open tuesday through sunday , from may 7 to october 20 ; an admission fee is charged .	the garden are open tuesday through sunday , from may 7 to october 20 ; an admission fee is charged .
as is the case with many members of the family ranunculaceae , all parts of the plant are poisonous and can be irritant .	as is the case with many members of the family ranunculaceae , all parts of the plant is poisonous and can be irritant .
rearward-swept wings yield a higher maximum lift coefficient , reduced bending moments , and delayed stall when compared to more traditional wing shapes .	rearward-swept wings yields a higher maximum lift coefficient , reduced bending moments , and delayed stall when compared to more traditional wing shapes .
blp requires tight sourcing of all claims and respect of privacy , but it at no point requires that public , agreed-upon information from reputable sources has to be removed because it is unflattering to the subject .	blp requires tight sourcing of all claims and respect of privacy , but it at no point requires that public , agreed-upon information from reputable sources have to be removed because it is unflattering to the subject .
human capital explanations for occupational segregation , then , posit that a difference in educational levels of men and women is responsible for persistent occupational segregation .	human capital explanations for occupational segregation , then , posit that a difference in educational levels of men and women are responsible for persistent occupational segregation .
in 2010 the director of the central court is judge alberto delgado neto .	in 2010 the director of the central court are judge alberto delgado neto .
the cannon group 's library of films is now part of mgm .	the cannon group 's library of films are now part of mgm .
the idea of stories being told in episodes has origins in serialized literature , and in aristotle 's poetics as `` pataka '' .	the idea of stories being told in episodes have origins in serialized literature , and in aristotle 's poetics as `` pataka '' .
this lack of good faith is disheartening , but the content of his accusations is even worse .	this lack of good faith is disheartening , but the content of his accusations are even worse .
the real reason for these bans and blocks is to censor the articles in question from my additions of well sourced , relevant content that is critical of the subjects .	the real reason for these bans and blocks are to censor the articles in question from my additions of well sourced , relevant content that is critical of the subjects .
the advantages of a passive commodity index exposure include negative correlation with other asset classes such as equities and bonds , as well as protection against inflation .	the advantages of a passive commodity index exposure includes negative correlation with other asset classes such as equities and bonds , as well as protection against inflation .
also , private law suits that do not go to the very mission of an organization are not , in my opinion , relevant or encyclopedic .	also , private law suits that do not go to the very mission of an organization is not , in my opinion , relevant or encyclopedic .
eighteen large bronze stars circling the pedestal below this statue represent the eighteen union states with buried dead .	eighteen large bronze stars circling the pedestal below this statue represents the eighteen union states with buried dead .
advantages of this approach include the ability to spatially or temporally control reaction and the ability to incorporate both alkenes and tetrazoles into biomolecules using simple biological methods such as genetic encoding .	advantages of this approach includes the ability to spatially or temporally control reaction and the ability to incorporate both alkenes and tetrazoles into biomolecules using simple biological methods such as genetic encoding .
the values of the amplitude response table slightly differ from those resulting from the circuit diagram , e .	the values of the amplitude response table slightly differs from those resulting from the circuit diagram , e .
the whole point of their being guidelines and not policies is that exceptions can be made in some special cases .	the whole point of their being guidelines and not policies are that exceptions can be made in some special cases .
ernie says '' all about ernestine ; draw a computer cookie with prairie and cookie monster ; play duckie games on the computer ; move and groove ; do the birdcall .	ernie says '' all about ernestine ; draw a computer cookie with prairie and cookie monster ; play duckie games on the computer ; move and groove ; does the birdcall .
although the parcels remain under the ownership of separate agencies , they are managed cooperatively , with biological resource management , which includes prescribed fire and habitat restoration programs managed by the nature conservancy , and visitor management .	although the parcels remains under the ownership of separate agencies , they are managed cooperatively , with biological resource management , which includes prescribed fire and habitat restoration programs managed by the nature conservancy , and visitor management .
although windows in the outfield fence offer a view into and from the bullpen , its entrance is actually built into the side of the crawford boxes .	although windows in the outfield fence offers a view into and from the bullpen , its entrance is actually built into the side of the crawford boxes .
members of this protein family contain a cyclin box motif and have structural similarity to the cyclins .	members of this protein family contains a cyclin box motif and have structural similarity to the cyclins .
the materials of the building are stone , gypsum and brick .	the materials of the building is stone , gypsum and brick .
some examples of coal mine subsidence damage include cracked foundations , sinkholes , and groundwater loss .	some examples of coal mine subsidence damage includes cracked foundations , sinkholes , and groundwater loss .
emily pronin and matthew kugler have argued that this phenomenon is due to the introspection illusion .	emily pronin and matthew kugler have argued that this phenomenon are due to the introspection illusion .
the featured species in this section of the zoo are siberian tigers , snow leopards , przewalski 's wild horses , red pandas , barbary apes , and bactrian camels .	the featured species in this section of the zoo is siberian tigers , snow leopards , przewalski 's wild horses , red pandas , barbary apes , and bactrian camels .
common modes of road transport within the city are cars , motorcycles , buses , and auto-rickshaws ; antique pedal rickshaws can still be seen .	common modes of road transport within the city is cars , motorcycles , buses , and auto-rickshaws ; antique pedal rickshaws can still be seen .
the tall , tapering pipes located in the west transept to the left of the altar are reed pipes as are the trumpet pipes extending out from the rear wall at the back of the church .	the tall , tapering pipes located in the west transept to the left of the altar is reed pipes as are the trumpet pipes extending out from the rear wall at the back of the church .
the ruins of the monastery complex remain mostly as a national monument administered by the instituto nacional de antropología e historia .	the ruins of the monastery complex remains mostly as a national monument administered by the instituto nacional de antropología e historia .
sensory fibers from the skin of the external ear initially travel with the auricular branch of cn x , while those from the middle ear travel in the tympanic nerve as discussed above ( cn ix visceral motor section ) .	sensory fibers from the skin of the external ear initially travels with the auricular branch of cn x , while those from the middle ear travel in the tympanic nerve as discussed above ( cn ix visceral motor section ) .
similarly , households with more than one telephone line have a greater chance of being selected in a random digit dialing sample , and weights can adjust for this .	similarly , households with more than one telephone line has a greater chance of being selected in a random digit dialing sample , and weights can adjust for this .
the painting is one of vermeer 's most famous .	the painting are one of vermeer 's most famous .
if placement of buildings and roads is not carefully planned it may lead to traffic congestion .	if placement of buildings and roads are not carefully planned it may lead to traffic congestion .
the main section of the woods has a network of public footpaths to facilitate access .	the main section of the woods have a network of public footpaths to facilitate access .
with recent legislation , however , capital gains taxes on such a transaction are no longer completely avoided .	with recent legislation , however , capital gains taxes on such a transaction is no longer completely avoided .
the cowper stoves of blast furnace 5 are rust-free due to a zinc layer added during construction .	the cowper stoves of blast furnace 5 is rust-free due to a zinc layer added during construction .
users in this category indicate they have skill level 1 for language chechen .	users in this category indicates they have skill level 1 for language chechen .
an epidemiological study describes the association between given behaviors or environmental conditions , and physical or psychological health by means of observation of real-world phenomena through statistical data .	an epidemiological study describe the association between given behaviors or environmental conditions , and physical or psychological health by means of observation of real-world phenomena through statistical data .
records from the colonial period are often incomplete and the county courthouse burned in 1831 so early documents were lost .	records from the colonial period is often incomplete and the county courthouse burned in 1831 so early documents were lost .
the habitual use of tools by chimpanzees makes the uniqueness of the human asmg an open question as its function may have evolved prior to the split from our last common ancestor .	the habitual use of tools by chimpanzees make the uniqueness of the human asmg an open question as its function may have evolved prior to the split from our last common ancestor .
language shift `` occurs when speakers in a community give up speaking their language and take up the use of another in its place '' .	language shift `` occurs when speakers in a community gives up speaking their language and take up the use of another in its place '' .
more comments by the member include `` our blend of heavy metal , with burke 's darkness , creates an atmosphere of a large scale apocalypse .	more comments by the member includes `` our blend of heavy metal , with burke 's darkness , creates an atmosphere of a large scale apocalypse .
transmission of such pathogens occurs predominantly via oral administration when in contact or in the vicinity of diseased organisms via the release of infectious spores .	transmission of such pathogens occur predominantly via oral administration when in contact or in the vicinity of diseased organisms via the release of infectious spores .
theories of classical conditioning , instrumental conditioning and social learning are mainly responsible for formation of attitude .	theories of classical conditioning , instrumental conditioning and social learning is mainly responsible for formation of attitude .
tags like the tag or the tag indicate articles that have to be cleaned up , regardless of the difficulty of doing so .	tags like the tag or the tag indicates articles that have to be cleaned up , regardless of the difficulty of doing so .
apple 's core foundation framework contains a cfbinaryheap structure , which implements a min-heap .	apple 's core foundation framework contain a cfbinaryheap structure , which implements a min-heap .
the elements most important for induced radioactivity for sea water are sodium-24 , chlorine , magnesium , and bromine .	the elements most important for induced radioactivity for sea water is sodium-24 , chlorine , magnesium , and bromine .
our job as editors is to best represent that pov using the framework of our policies and guidelines .	our job as editors are to best represent that pov using the framework of our policies and guidelines .
in sheep , the allele for horns in both sexes is partially dominant to that for being polled in both sexes , and both these are dominant to that for polling in the female only .	in sheep , the allele for horns in both sexes are partially dominant to that for being polled in both sexes , and both these are dominant to that for polling in the female only .
two key aspects of business process modeling are a formal framework that integrates both control flow and data , and a set of tools to assist all aspects of a business process life cycle .	two key aspects of business process modeling is a formal framework that integrates both control flow and data , and a set of tools to assist all aspects of a business process life cycle .
the neurological basis and mechanisms for phantom limb pain are all derived from experimental theories and observations .	the neurological basis and mechanisms for phantom limb pain is all derived from experimental theories and observations .
the afd shows that the article is worth keeping .	the afd shows that the article are worth keeping .
its goal is to preserve and spread miller knowledge and skills to ensure the availability of enough millers who can responsibly operate all functional windmills in frisia .	its goal are to preserve and spread miller knowledge and skills to ensure the availability of enough millers who can responsibly operate all functional windmills in frisia .
all species in this genus are endemic to hawaii .	all species in this genus is endemic to hawaii .
elements of the plot and setting of marathon are similar to the jesus incident by frank herbert and bill ransom .	elements of the plot and setting of marathon is similar to the jesus incident by frank herbert and bill ransom .
i do n't think the headings within the radiation therapy section add anything to the article- they break up the text and the toc unnecessarily .	i do n't think the headings within the radiation therapy section adds anything to the article- they break up the text and the toc unnecessarily .
models have shown that intermediate levels of resistance and tolerance are evolutionary stable as long as the benefits of having both traits are more than additive ( nunez-farfan et al .	models have shown that intermediate levels of resistance and tolerance is evolutionary stable as long as the benefits of having both traits are more than additive ( nunez-farfan et al .
the flag of the united states is sometimes symbolically burned , often in protest of the policies of the american government , both within the country and abroad .	the flag of the united states are sometimes symbolically burned , often in protest of the policies of the american government , both within the country and abroad .
it is nicknamed `` the street '' because of its planted trees , old-fashioned street lights , and the fact that the classroom windows on either side make it seem as though one is walking between two buildings .	it is nicknamed `` the street '' because of its planted trees , old-fashioned street lights , and the fact that the classroom windows on either side makes it seem as though one is walking between two buildings .
information ranging back hundreds of years is not always worthwhile , because the numbers of people for which data are available may not provide the information that is important ( such as population size ) .	information ranging back hundreds of years are not always worthwhile , because the numbers of people for which data are available may not provide the information that is important ( such as population size ) .
this state of affairs bears many of the hallmarks of the polywater fiasco , where trace contamination by human sweat was ultimately found to be the culprit .	this state of affairs bear many of the hallmarks of the polywater fiasco , where trace contamination by human sweat was ultimately found to be the culprit .
for instances , loads of 12 gauge , 00 buck are commonly available in 8 to 18 pellets in lengths from 2 .	for instances , loads of 12 gauge , 00 buck is commonly available in 8 to 18 pellets in lengths from 2 .
most places of accommodation are in the form of private villas , of which there are some 400 available to rent on the island .	most places of accommodation is in the form of private villas , of which there are some 400 available to rent on the island .
all parts of the plant except the ripe fruit contain the toxic glycoalkaloid solanine .	all parts of the plant except the ripe fruit contains the toxic glycoalkaloid solanine .
the most complete edition , which contains seven hundred and fifty proverbs , is that published at wittenberg in 1592 .	the most complete edition , which contains seven hundred and fifty proverbs , are that published at wittenberg in 1592 .
a few examples of a bloc party system also exist in non-communist regimes .	a few examples of a bloc party system also exists in non-communist regimes .
the major advantage of hydroelectric systems is the elimination of the cost of fuel .	the major advantage of hydroelectric systems are the elimination of the cost of fuel .
commenting on the book 's redeeming social value , reston added that `` it would be to show that a pattern of atrocities exists in vietnam , proving that while my lai was larger , it was not unique .	commenting on the book 's redeeming social value , reston added that `` it would be to show that a pattern of atrocities exist in vietnam , proving that while my lai was larger , it was not unique .
the former salt lake city show was more genteel and included frequent religious references whereas the rochester show is more raucous and occasionally risqué .	the former salt lake city show was more genteel and included frequent religious references whereas the rochester show are more raucous and occasionally risqué .
almost all commercial buildings of whatever floor area or height have flat roofs , and it is a rare one ( though it does happen ) that collapses under a snow load or leaks .	almost all commercial buildings of whatever floor area or height has flat roofs , and it is a rare one ( though it does happen ) that collapses under a snow load or leaks .
any two disjoint spheres in three dimensional space , with different radii , have two bitangent double cones , the apexes of which are called the centers of similitude .	any two disjoint spheres in three dimensional space , with different radii , has two bitangent double cones , the apexes of which are called the centers of similitude .
the college teaches diploma courses in mechanical engineering , civil engineering , electrical engineering , electronics engineering and computer science .	the college teach diploma courses in mechanical engineering , civil engineering , electrical engineering , electronics engineering and computer science .
the piece of music the band plays at the beginning of the funeral march is `` just a closer walk with thee '' .	the piece of music the band play at the beginning of the funeral march is `` just a closer walk with thee '' .
impacts from agriculture and industrialization in the country threaten this biodiversity .	impacts from agriculture and industrialization in the country threatens this biodiversity .
critics of the suppression of gay identity often conclude that , as homosexuality is normalized in broader culture , it will be in video games as well .	critics of the suppression of gay identity often concludes that , as homosexuality is normalized in broader culture , it will be in video games as well .
the secondary sources in the article appear to show borderline notability of the start now campaign , but not of meek himself .	the secondary sources in the article appears to show borderline notability of the start now campaign , but not of meek himself .
this relationship is similar to that reported for the secretion of other extracellular matrix proteins .	this relationship are similar to that reported for the secretion of other extracellular matrix proteins .
gladys the swiss dairy cow , we can be relied on by readers to cover the more important subjects , and the producer of these movies is simply an important subject .	gladys the swiss dairy cow , we can be relied on by readers to cover the more important subjects , and the producer of these movies are simply an important subject .
a narrative which includes supernatural phenomena such as angels and demons is problematic as a historical source .	a narrative which includes supernatural phenomena such as angels and demons are problematic as a historical source .
once in , the only way out is to be shot down , or to destroy the entire `` wave '' of aliens .	once in , the only way out are to be shot down , or to destroy the entire `` wave '' of aliens .
cost-saving features of any simplified sewerage system are a smaller diameter of pipes , smaller and shallower trenches and simplified manholes .	cost-saving features of any simplified sewerage system is a smaller diameter of pipes , smaller and shallower trenches and simplified manholes .
hockey players that opt to commit an infraction despite the punishment do so in order to degrade the opposing team 's morale or momentum , or boost their own .	hockey players that opt to commit an infraction despite the punishment does so in order to degrade the opposing team 's morale or momentum , or boost their own .
species of waterfowl breeding in the lake area include pied-billed grebe ( podilymbus podiceps ) , egret ( bubulcus ibis ) , waterhen ( gallinula galeata ) , american coot ( fulica americana ) and northern jacana ( jacana spinosa ) .	species of waterfowl breeding in the lake area includes pied-billed grebe ( podilymbus podiceps ) , egret ( bubulcus ibis ) , waterhen ( gallinula galeata ) , american coot ( fulica americana ) and northern jacana ( jacana spinosa ) .
the technology that changed this and put the routes and approaches where they were needed , at low altitudes over the fjords , is the wide area augmentation system ( waas ) .	the technology that changed this and put the routes and approaches where they were needed , at low altitudes over the fjords , are the wide area augmentation system ( waas ) .
facilities at the school include a suite of teaching and research laboratories dedicated to soil , water and pollen research .	facilities at the school includes a suite of teaching and research laboratories dedicated to soil , water and pollen research .
the islands in the southern portion of the county are part of the north maumee bay archeological district of the detroit river international wildlife refuge , in which turtle island is the only island in the state of michigan that is shared by another state .	the islands in the southern portion of the county is part of the north maumee bay archeological district of the detroit river international wildlife refuge , in which turtle island is the only island in the state of michigan that is shared by another state .
the test '' ( a musician is given records to comment on without knowing what they are ) , cd reviews , `` fast taste '' ( shorter reviews ) and `` yesterdays '' ( a prominent musician writes about a major turning point in their career ) .	the test '' ( a musician is given records to comment on without knowing what they are ) , cd reviews , `` fast taste '' ( shorter reviews ) and `` yesterdays '' ( a prominent musician write about a major turning point in their career ) .
his comments on my personal talk page are rude and arrogant and self-righteous .	his comments on my personal talk page is rude and arrogant and self-righteous .
waters , the involvement level of parents in ethnic organizations or activities heavily influences the development of their children 's ethnic identities .	waters , the involvement level of parents in ethnic organizations or activities heavily influence the development of their children 's ethnic identities .
thus , the two substrates of this enzyme are atp and viomycin , whereas its two products are adp and o-phosphoviomycin .	thus , the two substrates of this enzyme is atp and viomycin , whereas its two products are adp and o-phosphoviomycin .
the nae has stated that `` homosexual activity , like adulterous relationships , is clearly condemned in the scriptures .	the nae has stated that `` homosexual activity , like adulterous relationships , are clearly condemned in the scriptures .
recreational facilities at the hotel include a spa called chakra by thai sabai , a gymnasium , an outdoor swimming pool and a discothèque .	recreational facilities at the hotel includes a spa called chakra by thai sabai , a gymnasium , an outdoor swimming pool and a discothèque .
the formula posted is in error , or the belief in a discontinuity is in error .	the formula posted are in error , or the belief in a discontinuity is in error .
other parts of the system of photosynthesis still allow green plants to use the green light spectrum ( e .	other parts of the system of photosynthesis still allows green plants to use the green light spectrum ( e .
institutions of higher education are inherently notable .	institutions of higher education is inherently notable .
guests that appear on the album include elvis costello and rufus wainwright .	guests that appear on the album includes elvis costello and rufus wainwright .
this system defines device independent color schemes which can be converted into device dependent rgb systems .	this system define device independent color schemes which can be converted into device dependent rgb systems .
the placement of the initials is unusual because lines are rarely broken to start a new paragraph .	the placement of the initials are unusual because lines are rarely broken to start a new paragraph .
the origin of the roses and castles found on canal boats is unclear .	the origin of the roses and castles found on canal boats are unclear .
the floating rocks in the video are made from foam and covered in plaster , fossilized barnacles and various textiles , the rock 's tongues and the sand are computer animated ; for this reason , the post-production lasted two months .	the floating rocks in the video are made from foam and covered in plaster , fossilized barnacles and various textiles , the rock 's tongues and the sand is computer animated ; for this reason , the post-production lasted two months .
a few small channels on the landward side formed by runoff meet the largest channel as well .	a few small channels on the landward side formed by runoff meets the largest channel as well .
the homicide rate in the united states of america is higher than that of other developed countries , while rates of robbery , assault , and property crime are comparable .	the homicide rate in the united states of america is higher than that of other developed countries , while rates of robbery , assault , and property crime is comparable .
the hottest cards in the town view category are real photo postcards ( rppcs ) , postcards printed on actual photographic paper using the photographic process rather than printed cards created on a printing press .	the hottest cards in the town view category is real photo postcards ( rppcs ) , postcards printed on actual photographic paper using the photographic process rather than printed cards created on a printing press .
the way to deal with weak articles is to improve them , not delete them .	the way to deal with weak articles are to improve them , not delete them .
beyond laws that aim at prevention of fraud , there are also governmental and non-governmental organizations that aim to fight fraud .	beyond laws that aim at prevention of fraud , there is also governmental and non-governmental organizations that aim to fight fraud .
the church consists of a four-bay nave with a north aisle , a south porch and a three-bay chancel .	the church consist of a four-bay nave with a north aisle , a south porch and a three-bay chancel .
your collaboration by sending us comments or suggestions is essential to improve the livre !	your collaboration by sending us comments or suggestions are essential to improve the livre !
there are no subspecies , although individuals born towards the east of the breeding range tend to be slightly paler than their western counterparts .	there are no subspecies , although individuals born towards the east of the breeding range tends to be slightly paler than their western counterparts .
issues of current interest are radioactive air and sea discharges , resultant environmental contamination , and the health detriment to local communities and wildlife .	issues of current interest is radioactive air and sea discharges , resultant environmental contamination , and the health detriment to local communities and wildlife .
b-movie actresses generally fit under entertainer .	b-movie actresses generally fits under entertainer .
gotland ( ; , the island 's main sources of income are tourism , agriculture , and concrete production from locally mined limestone .	gotland ( ; , the island 's main sources of income is tourism , agriculture , and concrete production from locally mined limestone .
seasonal water column conditions ( particularly summer versus winter ) are inherently more variable in shallow water than in deep water .	seasonal water column conditions ( particularly summer versus winter ) is inherently more variable in shallow water than in deep water .
different stages of plant growth require different spectra .	different stages of plant growth requires different spectra .
other types of index arbitrage include basis trading , the arbitrage between a current index value ( synthetically replicated ) and that of its future .	other types of index arbitrage includes basis trading , the arbitrage between a current index value ( synthetically replicated ) and that of its future .
hence the spaces far from the front of star formation appear darker .	hence the spaces far from the front of star formation appears darker .
the song plays live on a never-ending audio stream on a special web site set up by the band and was made available for purchase as a hard drive encased in an actual human skull , limited to 13 copies .	the song play live on a never-ending audio stream on a special web site set up by the band and was made available for purchase as a hard drive encased in an actual human skull , limited to 13 copies .
i know where the best place to inquire for details is .	i know where the best place to inquire for details are .
wetland road crossings and beaver damming are the primary causes of flooding .	wetland road crossings and beaver damming is the primary causes of flooding .
endorse deletion , then , since this is a single trivial reference rather than multiple non-trivial references .	endorse deletion , then , since this are a single trivial reference rather than multiple non-trivial references .
several soldiers look or point towards the pisan position to the left .	several soldiers looks or point towards the pisan position to the left .
the windows at the east end are also original .	the windows at the east end is also original .
in fact , in the sense that all hypercomplex numbers are isomorphic to n-dimensional vectors with some extra structure on them , one can define any type of number at all , but only a few of them permit a structure that is both consistent and interesting to study .	in fact , in the sense that all hypercomplex numbers is isomorphic to n-dimensional vectors with some extra structure on them , one can define any type of number at all , but only a few of them permit a structure that is both consistent and interesting to study .
many psoe councillors , including the one that ran for mayor in the last election , are in prison , while none of the pp councillors are known to be involved in the corruption .	many psoe councillors , including the one that ran for mayor in the last election , is in prison , while none of the pp councillors are known to be involved in the corruption .
your list is phony and made to attack michael moore which is your agenda on so many articles .	your list are phony and made to attack michael moore which is your agenda on so many articles .
typical woods used for the body and neck of a guitar today are mahogany , ash , maple , basswood , agathis , alder , poplar , walnut , and spruce .	typical woods used for the body and neck of a guitar today is mahogany , ash , maple , basswood , agathis , alder , poplar , walnut , and spruce .
said robert walden of his experience working on showtime , `` there are fewer cooks in the kitchen , and the writers have more freedom .	said robert walden of his experience working on showtime , `` there are fewer cooks in the kitchen , and the writers has more freedom .
the only thing that matters is that it does .	the only thing that matters are that it does .
many people in this program have undergraduate degrees in non-art related fields , others are changing careers , and many are recent art school graduates looking to further their education .	many people in this program has undergraduate degrees in non-art related fields , others are changing careers , and many are recent art school graduates looking to further their education .
the effects that resulted from the creation of the railroad industry are enormous .	the effects that resulted from the creation of the railroad industry is enormous .
legacy sources cause a new problem in their own .	legacy sources causes a new problem in their own .
i 'll have to say that the wikipedia articles on resonance are pretty awful at the moment , though , jumping straight into mathematical models and trivia without explaining the actual general case .	i 'll have to say that the wikipedia articles on resonance is pretty awful at the moment , though , jumping straight into mathematical models and trivia without explaining the actual general case .
trains rarely use this yard and it would appear the junction 's use is minimal , if used at all , save for the odd network rail maintenance train .	trains rarely use this yard and it would appear the junction 's use are minimal , if used at all , save for the odd network rail maintenance train .
severance taxes on energy production are particularly important to the state budget .	severance taxes on energy production is particularly important to the state budget .
the band owns its headquarters on edmund street in northeast philadelphia .	the band own its headquarters on edmund street in northeast philadelphia .
although slight changes in water level affect many species , the system as a whole also cycles and pulses with each change .	although slight changes in water level affects many species , the system as a whole also cycles and pulses with each change .
the extremadura autonomous football team is the regional football team for the extremadura , spain .	the extremadura autonomous football team are the regional football team for the extremadura , spain .
set 100 years in the future , society is dominated by women and men are the `` weaker '' sex , assuming the stereotypical roles of pampered women .	set 100 years in the future , society is dominated by women and men is the `` weaker '' sex , assuming the stereotypical roles of pampered women .
the archaeologists who have interpreted this site believe that there were more positions of authority within the city that have not been noted in any of the readings , but would have served more specific purposes distinct from the caciques and curacas .	the archaeologists who have interpreted this site believes that there were more positions of authority within the city that have not been noted in any of the readings , but would have served more specific purposes distinct from the caciques and curacas .
the final three elements of the services marketing mix - people , process and physical evidence - are unique to the marketing of services .	the final three elements of the services marketing mix - people , process and physical evidence - is unique to the marketing of services .
the changes in society , culture and religion make this stage more liable to riots from citizens , and also allows military protection to be instated by constructing a special fortress building .	the changes in society , culture and religion makes this stage more liable to riots from citizens , and also allows military protection to be instated by constructing a special fortress building .
the difference between indices and indexes is not a difference in spelling ; they are morphological variants .	the difference between indices and indexes are not a difference in spelling ; they are morphological variants .
if he falls asleep and his head falls , the signal will no longer be blocked and the movie will pause .	if he falls asleep and his head fall , the signal will no longer be blocked and the movie will pause .
comment - a lack of citations is not a reason for deletion .	comment - a lack of citations are not a reason for deletion .
the ladder is an extension of the challenge system .	the ladder are an extension of the challenge system .
specifications on the type of milk vary , or are unspecified .	specifications on the type of milk vary , or is unspecified .
locations of great natural beauty close to the town include mt chudalup ( a granite monolith ) , northcliffe forest park and the beaches of windy harbour .	locations of great natural beauty close to the town includes mt chudalup ( a granite monolith ) , northcliffe forest park and the beaches of windy harbour .
the processes of migration , community formation and long-term adjustment are similar in many ways .	the processes of migration , community formation and long-term adjustment is similar in many ways .
sports stories at the university level are not significant enough for itn .	sports stories at the university level is not significant enough for itn .
photos that tell a story are always very nice .	photos that tell a story is always very nice .
non-public details - issues where details and evidence are not accessible to all participants or to the community as a whole .	non-public details - issues where details and evidence is not accessible to all participants or to the community as a whole .
the artists in the show are well-rounded in dance , swimming and acrobats , as the 'house troupe ' performs many different acts .	the artists in the show is well-rounded in dance , swimming and acrobats , as the 'house troupe ' performs many different acts .
this fight led to a state court decision that illinois corporations are not entitled to stagger their boards under that state 's laws , as well as to tax litigation over whether the costs of a proxy fight are an `` ordinary and necessary business expense .	this fight led to a state court decision that illinois corporations are not entitled to stagger their boards under that state 's laws , as well as to tax litigation over whether the costs of a proxy fight is an `` ordinary and necessary business expense .
atlas mountains of morocco , have been proposed , but the slight differences in size and colour show no consistent geographical pattern .	atlas mountains of morocco , have been proposed , but the slight differences in size and colour shows no consistent geographical pattern .
when the layer lines are perpendicular to the movement axis , the periods ( p ) are equal to the distances ( denoted as t ) between the lines ( as in figure 4 ) .	when the layer lines are perpendicular to the movement axis , the periods ( p ) is equal to the distances ( denoted as t ) between the lines ( as in figure 4 ) .
the two men who help with the color guard are homosexual .	the two men who help with the color guard is homosexual .
other , more mundane explanations for the origin of the town 's name also exist .	other , more mundane explanations for the origin of the town 's name also exists .
the qualifications for chief judge and the selection process are essentially the same for the district courts as well as for the courts of appeals .	the qualifications for chief judge and the selection process is essentially the same for the district courts as well as for the courts of appeals .
the comparison of the dimensions of buildings with the descriptions of contemporary writers is another source of information .	the comparison of the dimensions of buildings with the descriptions of contemporary writers are another source of information .
the rival poet 's identity remains a mystery ; among the varied candidates are christopher marlowe , george chapman , or , an amalgamation of several contemporaries .	the rival poet 's identity remain a mystery ; among the varied candidates are christopher marlowe , george chapman , or , an amalgamation of several contemporaries .
reports of a divorce are totally false .	reports of a divorce is totally false .
the common conception of physical objects includes that they have extension in the physical world , although there do exist theories of quantum physics and cosmology which may challenge this .	the common conception of physical objects include that they have extension in the physical world , although there do exist theories of quantum physics and cosmology which may challenge this .
video tours of the campus are available [ 3 ] .	video tours of the campus is available [ 3 ] .
diary entries kept by his wife during this period also make it clear that he was appalled by nazi anti-semitism , a fact that may shed light on his actual attitude toward the pogroms of the russian civil war .	diary entries kept by his wife during this period also makes it clear that he was appalled by nazi anti-semitism , a fact that may shed light on his actual attitude toward the pogroms of the russian civil war .
the construction of the labyrinth walls , floors , and dividing walls is normally of high thermal mass cast concrete and concrete block , with the exterior walls and floors in direct contact with the surrounding earth .	the construction of the labyrinth walls , floors , and dividing walls are normally of high thermal mass cast concrete and concrete block , with the exterior walls and floors in direct contact with the surrounding earth .
pride magazine , which has been going for 21 years , is the largest lifestyle magazine for the community and was described by the guardian newspaper as the dominant lifestyle magazine for the black community in the uk for over 15 years .	pride magazine , which has been going for 21 years , are the largest lifestyle magazine for the community and was described by the guardian newspaper as the dominant lifestyle magazine for the black community in the uk for over 15 years .
this could take a bit , the number of images is in the 81-90 range ; any help would be appreciated .	this could take a bit , the number of images are in the 81-90 range ; any help would be appreciated .
difficult questions arise on whether an adopted child may marry his or her adoptive parents , or the natural children of the adoptive parents .	difficult questions arises on whether an adopted child may marry his or her adoptive parents , or the natural children of the adoptive parents .
the members also travel to various leadership conferences , and share information they learn with their peers .	the members also travels to various leadership conferences , and share information they learn with their peers .
the average age of listeners is 47 .	the average age of listeners are 47 .
it is a rock ballad about a relationship in which one person gives more than the other , and the wear it causes to the people involved .	it is a rock ballad about a relationship in which one person give more than the other , and the wear it causes to the people involved .
anarchist ideologies that generally advocate non-voting as a key strategy for social or political change include voluntaryism and agorism .	anarchist ideologies that generally advocate non-voting as a key strategy for social or political change includes voluntaryism and agorism .
employee contributions to the state fund are deductible as state taxes .	employee contributions to the state fund is deductible as state taxes .
ornaith is upset because she was implicated , two articles stone ( unit ) and kilometres per hour are in limbo because we do n't know whether or not ornaith has a right to be there .	ornaith is upset because she was implicated , two articles stone ( unit ) and kilometres per hour is in limbo because we do n't know whether or not ornaith has a right to be there .
the portrayal of the characters is similar in many ways to malayalam cinema 's investigative thrillers .	the portrayal of the characters are similar in many ways to malayalam cinema 's investigative thrillers .
this timeline of cosmological theories and discoveries is a chronological record of the development of humanity 's understanding of the cosmos over the last two-plus millennia .	this timeline of cosmological theories and discoveries are a chronological record of the development of humanity 's understanding of the cosmos over the last two-plus millennia .
species of this genus are among those plants commonly known as `` sandworts '' .	species of this genus is among those plants commonly known as `` sandworts '' .
it is now known that ordinary least squares is the best linear unbiased estimator provided errors are uncorrelated and homoscedastic .	it is now known that ordinary least squares is the best linear unbiased estimator provided errors is uncorrelated and homoscedastic .
collection of writings , among others , as follows .	collection of writings , among others , as follow .
as the user assumed that another users living in the proximity of his country are for feeding and for spreading their hates on wp .	as the user assumed that another users living in the proximity of his country is for feeding and for spreading their hates on wp .
a less widely used approach is to fold the sequences using single sequence structure prediction methods and align the resulting structures using tree-based metrics .	a less widely used approach are to fold the sequences using single sequence structure prediction methods and align the resulting structures using tree-based metrics .
in probability theory , the method of moments is a way of proving convergence in distribution by proving convergence of a sequence of moment sequences .	in probability theory , the method of moments are a way of proving convergence in distribution by proving convergence of a sequence of moment sequences .
although modern video games create fairly intelligent and independent behaviour for adversaries ( `` bandits '' ) or allies ( `` friendlies '' ) , advanced players find even the best to be too predictable .	although modern video games creates fairly intelligent and independent behaviour for adversaries ( `` bandits '' ) or allies ( `` friendlies '' ) , advanced players find even the best to be too predictable .
the storyline involves the main characters seek refuge from outlaws by joining a wagon train of mormons .	the storyline involve the main characters seek refuge from outlaws by joining a wagon train of mormons .
more details of my position are in this section .	more details of my position is in this section .
planes , on the other hand , are much more sensitive to weight as additional weight requires a higher angle of attack to generate the required lift , increasing the drag it faces .	planes , on the other hand , is much more sensitive to weight as additional weight requires a higher angle of attack to generate the required lift , increasing the drag it faces .
keep in my opinion , the sources listed in the article are enough to meet the general notability guidelines .	keep in my opinion , the sources listed in the article is enough to meet the general notability guidelines .
regional studies as well as cross-cultural communication are part of the curricula .	regional studies as well as cross-cultural communication is part of the curricula .
palestinian views on the peace process refer to the views of palestinians in the ongoing peace talks with israel .	palestinian views on the peace process refers to the views of palestinians in the ongoing peace talks with israel .
her comrades , identified by the colour of their armour , include the sword-wielding red mercenary , spear-wielding blue mercenary , and the bow-wielding yellow mercenary .	her comrades , identified by the colour of their armour , includes the sword-wielding red mercenary , spear-wielding blue mercenary , and the bow-wielding yellow mercenary .
the boat rides on the water wedge .	the boat ride on the water wedge .
the combined distribution of heights of men and women is sometimes used as an example of a bimodal distribution , but in fact the difference in mean heights of men and women is too small relative to their standard deviations to produce bimodality .	the combined distribution of heights of men and women is sometimes used as an example of a bimodal distribution , but in fact the difference in mean heights of men and women are too small relative to their standard deviations to produce bimodality .
the fact that she may have famous neighbors is also irrelevant .	the fact that she may have famous neighbors are also irrelevant .
i dream of poland , whose institutions of justice are transparent and worthy of true respect and confidence .	i dream of poland , whose institutions of justice is transparent and worthy of true respect and confidence .
this stub article adds nothing that can not already be found in sevilla .	this stub article add nothing that can not already be found in sevilla .
i also hope that my arguments for removing the template are still valid .	i also hope that my arguments for removing the template is still valid .
ashley 's professional experiences as a civil engineer and as an expert in construction management include work on major projects around the globe .	ashley 's professional experiences as a civil engineer and as an expert in construction management includes work on major projects around the globe .
the stories gathered in this collection then follow the cimmerian from his escape from slavery in hyperborea through his days as a youthful thief in zamora , corinthia and nemedia , to the beginning of his stint as a mercenary soldier for king yildiz of turan .	the stories gathered in this collection then follows the cimmerian from his escape from slavery in hyperborea through his days as a youthful thief in zamora , corinthia and nemedia , to the beginning of his stint as a mercenary soldier for king yildiz of turan .
the first two digits of the number are the holder 's year of birth ( e .	the first two digits of the number is the holder 's year of birth ( e .
the banknotes of the third dollar were originally scheduled to be demonetised on 30 june 2009 but the zimbabwean dollar as a whole has been suspended since 12 april 2009 , implying that banknotes of both the third and fourth dollar are not de jure legal tender .	the banknotes of the third dollar were originally scheduled to be demonetised on 30 june 2009 but the zimbabwean dollar as a whole has been suspended since 12 april 2009 , implying that banknotes of both the third and fourth dollar is not de jure legal tender .
other rooms seen include living quarters for many of the doctor 's companions .	other rooms seen includes living quarters for many of the doctor 's companions .
first of all , the products and the amount needed have to be specified .	first of all , the products and the amount needed has to be specified .
characters of lost page , which is where this material should end up ( though , as noted in my nomination , i believe it should be deleted instead of merged there ) .	characters of lost page , which is where this material should end up ( though , as noted in my nomination , i believes it should be deleted instead of merged there ) .
every few investigations i look at a problem a new way , discover another method of analyzing it , and add a new item to my bag of sleuthing tricks .	every few investigations i look at a problem a new way , discovers another method of analyzing it , and add a new item to my bag of sleuthing tricks .
members of this extensive class include the dichlorovinyl and dibromovinyl derivatives .	members of this extensive class includes the dichlorovinyl and dibromovinyl derivatives .
the cutting edges of the drill bit contact the workpiece , and are connected via the shaft with the shank , which fits into the chuck .	the cutting edges of the drill bit contacts the workpiece , and are connected via the shaft with the shank , which fits into the chuck .
however , it turns out that the counselors and director of the camp seem to have deadly secrets .	however , it turns out that the counselors and director of the camp seems to have deadly secrets .
often multiple levels of security need to be addressed to reduce the risk of pilfering .	often multiple levels of security needs to be addressed to reduce the risk of pilfering .
because their gradient forces point in the same direction , pulling particles towards their common beam axis , they add up , and one arrives at a stable trap position .	because their gradient forces point in the same direction , pulling particles towards their common beam axis , they adds up , and one arrives at a stable trap position .
bat boxes differ from bird nest-boxes in typical design , with the larger opening on the underside of the box , and are more often referred to as roost boxes , although in regards to the rearing of young , they serve the same purpose .	bat boxes differs from bird nest-boxes in typical design , with the larger opening on the underside of the box , and are more often referred to as roost boxes , although in regards to the rearing of young , they serve the same purpose .
the comment is a scathing ad hominem attack .	the comment are a scathing ad hominem attack .
the man is angry , but timon pays him three talents in exchange for the couple being allowed to marry , because the happiness of his servant is worth the price .	the man are angry , but timon pays him three talents in exchange for the couple being allowed to marry , because the happiness of his servant is worth the price .
aircraft gas turbine engines , as now configured for ship propulsion , are unidirectional in output rotation and , therefore , require the added complexity of a reversing transmission or a reversible-pitch propeller .	aircraft gas turbine engines , as now configured for ship propulsion , is unidirectional in output rotation and , therefore , require the added complexity of a reversing transmission or a reversible-pitch propeller .
the current emperor is emperor akihito .	the current emperor are emperor akihito .
private instruction sessions , conducted via video chat with a selected tutor , are also available for purchase .	private instruction sessions , conducted via video chat with a selected tutor , is also available for purchase .
professional organizations for the field of health psychology include division 38 of the american psychological association , the division of health psychology of the british psychological society , and the european health psychology society .	professional organizations for the field of health psychology includes division 38 of the american psychological association , the division of health psychology of the british psychological society , and the european health psychology society .
the program 's purpose was to only validate the authenticity of evidence from a paranormal encounter and not to prove that the paranormal activity exists .	the program 's purpose was to only validate the authenticity of evidence from a paranormal encounter and not to prove that the paranormal activity exist .
firmly i believe a reason like literally hundreds of thousands of porn websites comes only to destroy , with no relevant ground .	firmly i believe a reason like literally hundreds of thousands of porn websites come only to destroy , with no relevant ground .
forums are respectable areas to have honest work discussed and this trend will increase over peer reviewed magazines and books .	forums is respectable areas to have honest work discussed and this trend will increase over peer reviewed magazines and books .
interpretation of bible verses is quite the sticky wicket when it comes to factuality .	interpretation of bible verses are quite the sticky wicket when it comes to factuality .
the main musical influences on symphonic metal are early gothic metal , power metal , and classical music .	the main musical influences on symphonic metal is early gothic metal , power metal , and classical music .
students from the school do theatrical performances several times a year in one of their three acting spaces .	students from the school does theatrical performances several times a year in one of their three acting spaces .
parks and plazas located there include sue biermann park ; justin herman plaza , which is the current location of the city 's new year 's festivities , and transamerica redwood park .	parks and plazas located there includes sue biermann park ; justin herman plaza , which is the current location of the city 's new year 's festivities , and transamerica redwood park .
other countries where the committee has recently taken action are belorussia , egypt , ethiopia , indonesia , iran , israel , kenya , palestinian authority , sudan , syria , turkey , turkmenistan , ukraine , and vietnam .	other countries where the committee has recently taken action is belorussia , egypt , ethiopia , indonesia , iran , israel , kenya , palestinian authority , sudan , syria , turkey , turkmenistan , ukraine , and vietnam .
the karakachan dog is one of europe 's oldest breeds .	the karakachan dog are one of europe 's oldest breeds .
price tells sara and eddie that `` the house is alive '' and deduces that the only way to get out is through the attic .	price tells sara and eddie that `` the house is alive '' and deduces that the only way to get out are through the attic .
usually the parameters of the grading method i use for a single given question depend somewhat on the question .	usually the parameters of the grading method i use for a single given question depends somewhat on the question .
the betty boop character is still an icon to many women because of her ability to speak her mind while still maintaining her feminine charisma .	the betty boop character are still an icon to many women because of her ability to speak her mind while still maintaining her feminine charisma .
however , the pressures in a gas core rocket are much higher than pressures in fusion devices , approximately 1000 atm ( 100 mpa ) .	however , the pressures in a gas core rocket is much higher than pressures in fusion devices , approximately 1000 atm ( 100 mpa ) .
bold text perhaps , over time , i will view other articles where this defect occurs .	bold text perhaps , over time , i will view other articles where this defect occur .
new laws about eligibility , nationality and property are due to be adopted to address this issue , but if they are delayed , inscription of electors will be impossible before the next elections .	new laws about eligibility , nationality and property is due to be adopted to address this issue , but if they are delayed , inscription of electors will be impossible before the next elections .
the stress in other words seems to be variable , but this is not a serious issue because most of these words are only one syllable in length .	the stress in other words seem to be variable , but this is not a serious issue because most of these words are only one syllable in length .
a human study of 262 primarily elderly individuals indicates that acetylcysteine may decrease influenza symptoms .	a human study of 262 primarily elderly individuals indicate that acetylcysteine may decrease influenza symptoms .
essentially , the parts of speech in the statement are formalized and plugged into a symbolic logic system whose rules are based on accumulated consensus after years or decades of evaluating the papers that have contributed to the field .	essentially , the parts of speech in the statement is formalized and plugged into a symbolic logic system whose rules are based on accumulated consensus after years or decades of evaluating the papers that have contributed to the field .
comment - norwegian , danish , and swedish are the prototypical examples of how the distinction between languages and dialects is often arbitrary .	comment - norwegian , danish , and swedish are the prototypical examples of how the distinction between languages and dialects are often arbitrary .
the only characters who are homosexual in the novel are willi and sutter , the televangelist , who are both villains in the novel .	the only characters who are homosexual in the novel is willi and sutter , the televangelist , who are both villains in the novel .
in addition to these symptoms , signs of the infectious organism are very evident in the host .	in addition to these symptoms , signs of the infectious organism is very evident in the host .
techniques for surpassing the resolution limit for bright field microscopy include ultraviolet microscopes , which use shorter wavelengths of light so the diffraction limit is lower .	techniques for surpassing the resolution limit for bright field microscopy includes ultraviolet microscopes , which use shorter wavelengths of light so the diffraction limit is lower .
the coasts of this department are more prone to silting .	the coasts of this department is more prone to silting .
this little work , in fifty chapters , gives a sketch of cosmography , geography , mythology ( chapters i-x ) , and history ( chapters x to end ) .	this little work , in fifty chapters , give a sketch of cosmography , geography , mythology ( chapters i-x ) , and history ( chapters x to end ) .
however , while we certainly should delete unsourced or poorly-sourced attack articles on sight , well-sourced articles that happen to cover something bad in a person 's life are n't nearly so clear-cut .	however , while we certainly should delete unsourced or poorly-sourced attack articles on sight , well-sourced articles that happen to cover something bad in a person 's life is n't nearly so clear-cut .
he said the sculpture has many points of view from many angles , which is how he sees the two nations ' relationship .	he said the sculpture have many points of view from many angles , which is how he sees the two nations ' relationship .
also , evolution is notoriously slow , and the small time domestic cats have been with humans is not enough to make that change .	also , evolution is notoriously slow , and the small time domestic cats have been with humans are not enough to make that change .
the first appearance seems to be the first ted scott flying stories book , published in germany in the early 1930s as ted scott der ozeanflieger .	the first appearance seem to be the first ted scott flying stories book , published in germany in the early 1930s as ted scott der ozeanflieger .
allow recreation something of a meta argument , but the fact that sources apparently exist is insufficient - they need to be in the article .	allow recreation something of a meta argument , but the fact that sources apparently exist are insufficient - they need to be in the article .
there are also symbols that indicate speed of movement , whether movement is simultaneous or alternating , and punctuation .	there are also symbols that indicate speed of movement , whether movement are simultaneous or alternating , and punctuation .
proponents of gay pride point to the daily privilege enjoyed by those of heterosexual advocacy and oppose straight pride as an effort of those who already are favored to keep their favored status .	proponents of gay pride point to the daily privilege enjoyed by those of heterosexual advocacy and opposes straight pride as an effort of those who already are favored to keep their favored status .
several foundations and the remains of the blacksmith shop also remain .	several foundations and the remains of the blacksmith shop also remains .
i had , and still do have , several serious concerns about this article , sufficient to have persuaded me that the work required could not reasonably be undertaken within the seven-day holding period ; i note that it has not yet been done .	i had , and still do have , several serious concerns about this article , sufficient to have persuaded me that the work required could not reasonably be undertaken within the seven-day holding period ; i notes that it has not yet been done .
i did hesitate a little about the previous account , but from what i see , the contributions and work under this account are solid .	i did hesitate a little about the previous account , but from what i see , the contributions and work under this account is solid .
a good way to find out what people find problematic about your edits is to ask , in an open and non-confrontational way .	a good way to find out what people find problematic about your edits are to ask , in an open and non-confrontational way .
two systems including a belief revision feature are sneps and cyc .	two systems including a belief revision feature is sneps and cyc .
his dam is sweet damsel , a daughter of turkoman , the 1986 american champion older male horse , who was a son of u .	his dam are sweet damsel , a daughter of turkoman , the 1986 american champion older male horse , who was a son of u .
clause 1 amends section 3 of the citizenship act so that adopted children who attain citizenship without first obtaining permanent resident status are canadian citizens .	clause 1 amends section 3 of the citizenship act so that adopted children who attain citizenship without first obtaining permanent resident status is canadian citizens .
specific speedrun techniques for a specific game and the detailed history of the run are outside of our scope and more appropriate for a speedrun wiki .	specific speedrun techniques for a specific game and the detailed history of the run is outside of our scope and more appropriate for a speedrun wiki .
the students in the school year 2008-2009 are actually passers of philippine science high school including first screening passers .	the students in the school year 2008-2009 is actually passers of philippine science high school including first screening passers .
the dimensions of the temple are 27 .	the dimensions of the temple is 27 .
the dates listed in the following table indicate the year in which the city started to continuously serve as the state 's sole capital .	the dates listed in the following table indicates the year in which the city started to continuously serve as the state 's sole capital .
the number of planets discovered is significant , the details of the discovery are significant , the discovery of new planets is simply interesting , this significance is reflected by mainstream news coverage , exoplanet is a featured article , and itn currently has no science-related postings .	the number of planets discovered is significant , the details of the discovery is significant , the discovery of new planets is simply interesting , this significance is reflected by mainstream news coverage , exoplanet is a featured article , and itn currently has no science-related postings .
vivint 's ceo todd pedersen says the number of complaints is small for a business that has thousands of salespeople knocking on millions of doors a year .	vivint 's ceo todd pedersen says the number of complaints are small for a business that has thousands of salespeople knocking on millions of doors a year .
tar heel golfers who have had success at the professional level include davis love iii ( 20 pga tour wins including 1997 pga championship ) and mark wilson ( five pga tour wins ) .	tar heel golfers who have had success at the professional level includes davis love iii ( 20 pga tour wins including 1997 pga championship ) and mark wilson ( five pga tour wins ) .
his most famous work is hayy ibn yaqzan , which is a spiritual investigation into the reality of the world narrated by a man who was raised from infancy by a roe or gazelle .	his most famous work are hayy ibn yaqzan , which is a spiritual investigation into the reality of the world narrated by a man who was raised from infancy by a roe or gazelle .
other kinds of aberration include field curvature , barrel and pincushion distortion , and astigmatism .	other kinds of aberration includes field curvature , barrel and pincushion distortion , and astigmatism .
probabilistically , items at the beginning of the list are more likely to remain in sts , and thus have more opportunities to strengthen their links to other items .	probabilistically , items at the beginning of the list is more likely to remain in sts , and thus have more opportunities to strengthen their links to other items .
he 's pretty much identifying himself anyways , and his behavior patterns ( style , grammar , spelling , etc ) are easy to spot .	he 's pretty much identifying himself anyways , and his behavior patterns ( style , grammar , spelling , etc ) is easy to spot .
my use of these images is a fair use under copyright law !	my use of these images are a fair use under copyright law !
the use of these spelling variants is a highly sensitive political issue for both serbs and albanians , who regard the use of the other side 's name as being a denial of their own side 's territorial rights .	the use of these spelling variants are a highly sensitive political issue for both serbs and albanians , who regard the use of the other side 's name as being a denial of their own side 's territorial rights .
although the rnase p complex also exists in eukaryotic organisms , his later work revealed that in those organisms , the protein subunits of the complex are essential to the catalytic activity , in contrast to the bacterial rnase p .	although the rnase p complex also exists in eukaryotic organisms , his later work revealed that in those organisms , the protein subunits of the complex is essential to the catalytic activity , in contrast to the bacterial rnase p .
if i see a blocked user point out a blp violation on wikipedia review or anywhere else , my first instinct is to check it out , and fix it .	if i see a blocked user point out a blp violation on wikipedia review or anywhere else , my first instinct are to check it out , and fix it .
the sources provided in the article demonstrate that both the term and the phenomenon are wikipedia notable , regardless of the origin of the word .	the sources provided in the article demonstrate that both the term and the phenomenon is wikipedia notable , regardless of the origin of the word .
researcher ross gundersen demonstrates for the first time that a substance released by developing muscle tissue exerts an attraction on growing spinal nerves illustrating that growing nerves communicate with the muscles to which they eventually attach .	researcher ross gundersen demonstrates for the first time that a substance released by developing muscle tissue exerts an attraction on growing spinal nerves illustrating that growing nerves communicates with the muscles to which they eventually attach .
latter-day bearers of the name include politicians michael f .	latter-day bearers of the name includes politicians michael f .
comment unless you specify what the alleged `` questionable phrases '' are , or why you think the lead is `` poorly written , '' i will not be able to do anything to change it to your satisfaction .	comment unless you specify what the alleged `` questionable phrases '' are , or why you think the lead are `` poorly written , '' i will not be able to do anything to change it to your satisfaction .
the fact that this material often contradicts itself is problematic from the viewpoint of neo-eldarin writers trying to make out definite grammatical rules .	the fact that this material often contradict itself is problematic from the viewpoint of neo-eldarin writers trying to make out definite grammatical rules .
it will be presumed that all edits from a single computer or user account are the responsibility of one user .	it will be presumed that all edits from a single computer or user account is the responsibility of one user .
the origins of the population and location of the island give aruba a mixed culture .	the origins of the population and location of the island gives aruba a mixed culture .
measures related to arousal such as heart rate and skin conductance are low among criminals .	measures related to arousal such as heart rate and skin conductance is low among criminals .
other notable authors of this movement include patricia scanlan , maeve binchy and cathy kelly .	other notable authors of this movement includes patricia scanlan , maeve binchy and cathy kelly .
the offical website makes no mention of marina and the diamonds .	the offical website make no mention of marina and the diamonds .
i believe that if a person is notable enough to have a film based on her life , plus a featured new york times article , then the person merits an article here .	i believe that if a person are notable enough to have a film based on her life , plus a featured new york times article , then the person merits an article here .
roads in town are dirt or gravel .	roads in town is dirt or gravel .
however , the idea of leading verbs goes beyond modals to include `` attitudinal '' verbs such as finje ( pretend ) and pare ( seem ) .	however , the idea of leading verbs go beyond modals to include `` attitudinal '' verbs such as finje ( pretend ) and pare ( seem ) .
that editors who have been the victim of sock abuse , are now to be threatened because they derive satisfaction from their demise is lamentable .	that editors who have been the victim of sock abuse , is now to be threatened because they derive satisfaction from their demise is lamentable .
remnants of the movement remain today .	remnants of the movement remains today .
once this information finds a suitable home , then yes , nuke it , but not before .	once this information find a suitable home , then yes , nuke it , but not before .
cultures in which prophecy played an important role include the north american indians , mayans , celts , druids , chinese , chaldeans , assyrians , egyptians , hindus , hebrews , tibetans , greeks , and many in the christian tradition , among others .	cultures in which prophecy played an important role includes the north american indians , mayans , celts , druids , chinese , chaldeans , assyrians , egyptians , hindus , hebrews , tibetans , greeks , and many in the christian tradition , among others .
a few examples of his color work are available in the online archive of the center for creative photography at the university of arizona .	a few examples of his color work is available in the online archive of the center for creative photography at the university of arizona .
i shall note that the requirements that the entire set x and the empty set be open are partially there to ensure that constant functions are continuous .	i shall note that the requirements that the entire set x and the empty set be open is partially there to ensure that constant functions are continuous .
in addition , deva stadium , home to chester and previously to the defunct chester city , straddles the england-wales border , and its entire pitch is in wales ( though the club offices , which are part of the stadium complex , are in england ) .	in addition , deva stadium , home to chester and previously to the defunct chester city , straddles the england-wales border , and its entire pitch is in wales ( though the club offices , which are part of the stadium complex , is in england ) .
the interpretation of experimental data from these techniques is usually much more complicated than in transient-absorption spectroscopy .	the interpretation of experimental data from these techniques are usually much more complicated than in transient-absorption spectroscopy .
more details of the fleet air arm torpedo bomber attack on 9 march 1942 - we have german losses but not faa aircraft losses .	more details of the fleet air arm torpedo bomber attack on 9 march 1942 - we has german losses but not faa aircraft losses .
the anterior half of the abdomen is blackish dorsally , contrasting strongly with the posterior segments .	the anterior half of the abdomen are blackish dorsally , contrasting strongly with the posterior segments .
the colours of the club are lilac and white .	the colours of the club is lilac and white .
the bilingual belt also contains the high proportion of individuals who are incapable of speaking the official language of the province .	the bilingual belt also contain the high proportion of individuals who are incapable of speaking the official language of the province .
its purpose is to produce intense beams of light whose special characteristics are useful in many areas of scientific research .	its purpose are to produce intense beams of light whose special characteristics are useful in many areas of scientific research .
i would like the reader to know that all sides , in every war do things that are unspeakable .	i would like the reader to know that all sides , in every war does things that are unspeakable .
its ruins are now visible in erimopolis , in the modern district of itanos .	its ruins is now visible in erimopolis , in the modern district of itanos .
she tries to kill him to end his pain but because she wished him to live forever , every bit of him is alive and well .	she tries to kill him to end his pain but because she wished him to live forever , every bit of him are alive and well .
mainstream health organizations critical of conversion therapy include the american medical association , the american psychological association undertook a study of the peer-reviewed literature in the area of sexual orientation change efforts ( soce ) and found a myriad of issues with the procedures used in conducting the research .	mainstream health organizations critical of conversion therapy includes the american medical association , the american psychological association undertook a study of the peer-reviewed literature in the area of sexual orientation change efforts ( soce ) and found a myriad of issues with the procedures used in conducting the research .
yet , we have crats sticking to the old-fashioned notion that the community 's opinions , no matter how stupid , are what should determine who gets the bit .	yet , we have crats sticking to the old-fashioned notion that the community 's opinions , no matter how stupid , is what should determine who gets the bit .
the figures , rock , and water in the lower portion , in contrast , are clear and have distinct shapes and lines .	the figures , rock , and water in the lower portion , in contrast , is clear and have distinct shapes and lines .
the route runs concurrent with maryland route 4 through much of calvert county along a four-lane divided highway known as solomons island road , passing through rural areas as well as the communities of lusby , port republic , prince frederick , and huntingtown .	the route run concurrent with maryland route 4 through much of calvert county along a four-lane divided highway known as solomons island road , passing through rural areas as well as the communities of lusby , port republic , prince frederick , and huntingtown .
the two books that follow wake in the trilogy are fade and gone .	the two books that follow wake in the trilogy is fade and gone .
as was suggested above , reliable constant relations between a phoneme of a language and its acoustic manifestation in speech are difficult to find .	as was suggested above , reliable constant relations between a phoneme of a language and its acoustic manifestation in speech is difficult to find .
tops with a mandarin collar often use frogs at the shoulder and down the front to keep the two sections of the front closed .	tops with a mandarin collar often uses frogs at the shoulder and down the front to keep the two sections of the front closed .
the references which might appear to indicate notability are mainly brief mentions , for instance the reference to the usual acknowledgements in a book listing all the people the author would like to thank .	the references which might appear to indicate notability is mainly brief mentions , for instance the reference to the usual acknowledgements in a book listing all the people the author would like to thank .
i know nothing about guitars , but i do know that the charles darwin university international guitar festival is extremely important and i would be very surprised indeed if more reliable sources can not be found .	i know nothing about guitars , but i do know that the charles darwin university international guitar festival are extremely important and i would be very surprised indeed if more reliable sources can not be found .
its axis is at right angles to that of the succeeding turns , upon the first of which it rests , but is not immersed .	its axis are at right angles to that of the succeeding turns , upon the first of which it rests , but is not immersed .
that ended years of unusual drought , which had seen the lake in the central basin remain dry for several years .	that ended years of unusual drought , which had seen the lake in the central basin remains dry for several years .
other competitions in music include highland dancing , solo and band piping , drumming , scottish fiddling , and scottish harp .	other competitions in music includes highland dancing , solo and band piping , drumming , scottish fiddling , and scottish harp .
archives of the given source indicate we took from them .	archives of the given source indicates we took from them .
if there should be infinitely many indeterminates , this convention is incompatible with the condition of being a well ordering , and one would be forced to use the opposite ordering ; however the case of polynomials in infinitely many variables is rarely considered .	if there should be infinitely many indeterminates , this convention are incompatible with the condition of being a well ordering , and one would be forced to use the opposite ordering ; however the case of polynomials in infinitely many variables is rarely considered .
the other members of the executive are george bailey , neil maxwell , mike hussey , simon katich , marcus north and lisa sthalekar .	the other members of the executive is george bailey , neil maxwell , mike hussey , simon katich , marcus north and lisa sthalekar .
the song is a love song , dealing with tyler connolly missing his wife while on tour .	the song are a love song , dealing with tyler connolly missing his wife while on tour .
the practice of decorating soldiers ' graves with flowers is an ancient custom .	the practice of decorating soldiers ' graves with flowers are an ancient custom .
some claims of presenting her dance technology work seem verifiable only in one [ 2 ] of three venues mentioned in the same sentence , from web searches .	some claims of presenting her dance technology work seems verifiable only in one [ 2 ] of three venues mentioned in the same sentence , from web searches .
the mills from the town 's textile era remain and many have now been converted into houses .	the mills from the town 's textile era remains and many have now been converted into houses .
but the difference between them is significant ( mainly the background color ) in my view .	but the difference between them are significant ( mainly the background color ) in my view .
the municipality 's coat of arms depicts a salmon , of which there are plenty in the river .	the municipality 's coat of arms depict a salmon , of which there are plenty in the river .
the original documents for each member 's disclosure are publicly available on a database website , maintained by the center for responsive politics .	the original documents for each member 's disclosure is publicly available on a database website , maintained by the center for responsive politics .
comments on this page or in a phone call are not an acceptable reference for wikipedia .	comments on this page or in a phone call is not an acceptable reference for wikipedia .
author is also creator of the moyse listed for deletion as well .	author are also creator of the moyse listed for deletion as well .
forms of the disease are hashimoto 's thyroiditis , the most common cause of hypothyroidism in the us , postpartum thyroiditis , subacute thyroiditis , silent thyroiditis , drug-induced thyroiditis , radiation-induced thyroiditis , acute thyroiditis , and riedel 's thyroiditis .	forms of the disease is hashimoto 's thyroiditis , the most common cause of hypothyroidism in the us , postpartum thyroiditis , subacute thyroiditis , silent thyroiditis , drug-induced thyroiditis , radiation-induced thyroiditis , acute thyroiditis , and riedel 's thyroiditis .
only advance copies of the album are available for promotional reviews .	only advance copies of the album is available for promotional reviews .
english sources on the song are few and far between .	english sources on the song is few and far between .
on the other hand , the sentences in the article lead are about policy , not services .	on the other hand , the sentences in the article lead is about policy , not services .
the full page bears the notice `` reproduced with permission of the copyright owner .	the full page bear the notice `` reproduced with permission of the copyright owner .
factors such as race , ethnicity , national origin , or religious affiliation are not considered as factors that create suspicion ( except if used as part of a specific suspect description ) .	factors such as race , ethnicity , national origin , or religious affiliation is not considered as factors that create suspicion ( except if used as part of a specific suspect description ) .
other activities including hockey , baseball , softball , golf , curling and swimming are available in nearby communities of forestburg , killam , and castor .	other activities including hockey , baseball , softball , golf , curling and swimming is available in nearby communities of forestburg , killam , and castor .
the game features music from the 1990s to the present day .	the game feature music from the 1990s to the present day .
the story features the doctor and his companions encountering an ancient civilisation of deactivated robots .	the story feature the doctor and his companions encountering an ancient civilisation of deactivated robots .
buses from the bus station run around the city and go as far as bootle , kirkby , preston , st helens and widnes .	buses from the bus station runs around the city and go as far as bootle , kirkby , preston , st helens and widnes .
the biggest points of cargo departure and arrival are khabarovsk-2 , izvestkovaya , birobidzhan , volochayevka-2 , komsomolsk-on-amur , sovetskaya gavan , sibirtsevo , ussuriysk , baranovsky , uglovaya , vladivostok , nakhodka , nakhodka vostochnaya , and vanino .	the biggest points of cargo departure and arrival is khabarovsk-2 , izvestkovaya , birobidzhan , volochayevka-2 , komsomolsk-on-amur , sovetskaya gavan , sibirtsevo , ussuriysk , baranovsky , uglovaya , vladivostok , nakhodka , nakhodka vostochnaya , and vanino .
the span of 59 years between titles is the longest in the history of the big ten conference .	the span of 59 years between titles are the longest in the history of the big ten conference .
note that the conditions under which the cancellation law holds are quite strict , and this explains why fermat 's little theorem demands that p be a prime in order to make a general case for all n .	note that the conditions under which the cancellation law holds is quite strict , and this explains why fermat 's little theorem demands that p be a prime in order to make a general case for all n .
the city is also home to processions such as the encounter that show the calvary of christ with religious images , the unnailed and st .	the city are also home to processions such as the encounter that show the calvary of christ with religious images , the unnailed and st .
keep - on the grounds that all arguments in favour of deletion have so far been pedantic and trivial .	keep - on the grounds that all arguments in favour of deletion has so far been pedantic and trivial .
the most common statistical models in use for sequence labeling make a markov assumption , i .	the most common statistical models in use for sequence labeling makes a markov assumption , i .
dahl states that difference in size , diversity , and economic affluence make attributing good performance on these measures to government effectiveness too difficult .	dahl states that difference in size , diversity , and economic affluence makes attributing good performance on these measures to government effectiveness too difficult .
the upper floors of the house of finance building have several separate offices as well as shared office space for researchers and students .	the upper floors of the house of finance building has several separate offices as well as shared office space for researchers and students .
the two most common and large-scale sources of error in homology modeling are poor template selection and inaccuracies in target-template sequence alignment .	the two most common and large-scale sources of error in homology modeling is poor template selection and inaccuracies in target-template sequence alignment .
males often experience an impairment in the functioning of the phonological loop .	males often experiences an impairment in the functioning of the phonological loop .
countries which have adopted the class rating system for small aircraft typically require additional training and license endorsement for complexity features such as conventional undercarriage ( tailwheels ) , variable pitch propellers , retractable undercarriage , etc .	countries which have adopted the class rating system for small aircraft typically requires additional training and license endorsement for complexity features such as conventional undercarriage ( tailwheels ) , variable pitch propellers , retractable undercarriage , etc .
visitors to the settlement are greeted by the sight of mountains of empty conch shells on the shore when they arrive .	visitors to the settlement is greeted by the sight of mountains of empty conch shells on the shore when they arrive .
such techniques , typical of engraving work of the time , are very different to the much faster and fluid way of drawing on a plate that blake employed for his relief etching , and indicates why the engravings took so long to complete .	such techniques , typical of engraving work of the time , is very different to the much faster and fluid way of drawing on a plate that blake employed for his relief etching , and indicates why the engravings took so long to complete .
the canon fd lens mount is a physical standard for connecting a photographic lens to a 35mm single-lens reflex camera body .	the canon fd lens mount are a physical standard for connecting a photographic lens to a 35mm single-lens reflex camera body .
although it was obvious that griffin was portraying stewart , the credits at the end of the movie have griffin 's character listed as disco star .	although it was obvious that griffin was portraying stewart , the credits at the end of the movie has griffin 's character listed as disco star .
some common forms of legislation regarding injury prevention typically involve seatbelts , child car seats , helmets , alcohol control , and increased enforcement .	some common forms of legislation regarding injury prevention typically involves seatbelts , child car seats , helmets , alcohol control , and increased enforcement .
details of the settlement were not announced , but court records indicate that a portion of the settlement involved a 45-day option for the tennessee environmental council to purchase over of the land in dispute that the council hopes to dedicate for public use .	details of the settlement were not announced , but court records indicates that a portion of the settlement involved a 45-day option for the tennessee environmental council to purchase over of the land in dispute that the council hopes to dedicate for public use .
other remnants from the post office era include wall-mounted postal tables with black marble tops that extend from the eastern wall and are supported by scrolled brackets .	other remnants from the post office era includes wall-mounted postal tables with black marble tops that extend from the eastern wall and are supported by scrolled brackets .
prototypes and a small number of pre-production aircraft are in service with the chinese military for evaluation .	prototypes and a small number of pre-production aircraft is in service with the chinese military for evaluation .
he asserted that the agents that drive innovation and the economy are large companies which have the resources and capital to invest in research and development .	he asserted that the agents that drive innovation and the economy is large companies which have the resources and capital to invest in research and development .
the warm air rises like something lighter than water floats upwards from the bottom of the sea .	the warm air rise like something lighter than water floats upwards from the bottom of the sea .
os concept , which not many people are familiar with .	os concept , which not many people is familiar with .
as a result , individuals between the blast and a building generally suffer two to three times the degree of injury compared to those in open spaces .	as a result , individuals between the blast and a building generally suffers two to three times the degree of injury compared to those in open spaces .
such works as the temple help in capturing this essence of art as they go through a transition from artworks to art objects depending on the status of their world .	such works as the temple help in capturing this essence of art as they goes through a transition from artworks to art objects depending on the status of their world .
featured article criteria of concern mentioned in the review section include prose , comprehensiveness , sourcing and neutrality .	featured article criteria of concern mentioned in the review section includes prose , comprehensiveness , sourcing and neutrality .
facilities required to report the release and transfer under section 313 are at the discretion of the administrator of the epa by adding or deleting them from the standard industrial classification list .	facilities required to report the release and transfer under section 313 is at the discretion of the administrator of the epa by adding or deleting them from the standard industrial classification list .
the main program to reach these children is the music for life centers .	the main program to reach these children are the music for life centers .
a core research area within sociology is the way human behavior operates on ''itself'' , in other words , how the behavior of one group or individual influences the behavior of other groups or individuals .	a core research area within sociology is the way human behavior operate on ''itself'' , in other words , how the behavior of one group or individual influences the behavior of other groups or individuals .
your citation of 500 , 000 results , as if that means something relevant to this subject , was what was referred to and my point stands .	your citation of 500 , 000 results , as if that mean something relevant to this subject , was what was referred to and my point stands .
individuals that have a mandate to uphold law and public policy include the following .	individuals that have a mandate to uphold law and public policy includes the following .
other groups constituting less than 1 percent of the population include practitioners of indigenous and traditional religions , bahais , and a very small jewish community consisting entirely of foreigners .	other groups constituting less than 1 percent of the population includes practitioners of indigenous and traditional religions , bahais , and a very small jewish community consisting entirely of foreigners .
but government restrictions on residence and use of contaminated land are not strictly enforced .	but government restrictions on residence and use of contaminated land is not strictly enforced .
questions to this effect on its talk page remain unanswered .	questions to this effect on its talk page remains unanswered .
software products such as touch media player , touch calendars and new message threading function are all designed for fingers touch .	software products such as touch media player , touch calendars and new message threading function is all designed for fingers touch .
such a demonstration allows one to infer that function x and function y are independent of each other in some way .	such a demonstration allow one to infer that function x and function y are independent of each other in some way .
so , the short answer to your question is that as per the fearon list , the probability of two random individuals belonging to different ethnic groups is higher for usa than georgia .	so , the short answer to your question is that as per the fearon list , the probability of two random individuals belonging to different ethnic groups are higher for usa than georgia .
communities involved in salt production are mainly chunvaliya koli , ahir and miyana ( muslim ) , residing in 107 villages in the periphery of lesser rann of kutch .	communities involved in salt production is mainly chunvaliya koli , ahir and miyana ( muslim ) , residing in 107 villages in the periphery of lesser rann of kutch .
common reasons for undertaking an elimination diet include suspected food allergies and suspected food intolerances .	common reasons for undertaking an elimination diet includes suspected food allergies and suspected food intolerances .
the general outcome for articles with lots of good sources is to keep them , people known for one event being the only exception .	the general outcome for articles with lots of good sources are to keep them , people known for one event being the only exception .
the harshest conditions for hard rock mining are in the witwatersrand area of south africa , where workers toil in temperatures of up to .	the harshest conditions for hard rock mining is in the witwatersrand area of south africa , where workers toil in temperatures of up to .
the data vectors should preferably be normalized ( vector length is equal to one ) before training the som .	the data vectors should preferably be normalized ( vector length are equal to one ) before training the som .
its collection of 1 , 250 , 000 documents , including books , maps and recordings makes it one of the largest libraries in mexico and latin america .	its collection of 1 , 250 , 000 documents , including books , maps and recordings make it one of the largest libraries in mexico and latin america .
in the united states , popular national hosts who are associated with morning drive include howard stern , ryan seacrest and don imus , while sean hannity is associated with afternoon drive on the east coast .	in the united states , popular national hosts who are associated with morning drive includes howard stern , ryan seacrest and don imus , while sean hannity is associated with afternoon drive on the east coast .
a direct sum of finite cyclic groups is periodic .	a direct sum of finite cyclic groups are periodic .
it flows from casummit lake at an elevation of to birch lake at an elevation of , whose waters flow via the birch river , cat river and albany river into james bay .	it flows from casummit lake at an elevation of to birch lake at an elevation of , whose waters flows via the birch river , cat river and albany river into james bay .
they have distinctive black and white eye stripes and their breast and abdomen is pale with brown speckles .	they have distinctive black and white eye stripes and their breast and abdomen are pale with brown speckles .
the total number of participants who actually voted is 16 , 024 .	the total number of participants who actually voted are 16 , 024 .
pixels inside the shape are affected by the drawing operation , those outside are not .	pixels inside the shape are affected by the drawing operation , those outside is not .
different regions in the country serve different drinks made with an eclectic assortment of ingredients including local spices , flavors and herbs .	different regions in the country serves different drinks made with an eclectic assortment of ingredients including local spices , flavors and herbs .
this user shows no regard for the overall brevity of sources , refuses to listen to reason and generally behaves in a completely uncivil manner in regards to editing disputes .	this user show no regard for the overall brevity of sources , refuses to listen to reason and generally behaves in a completely uncivil manner in regards to editing disputes .
perino 's contributions to our understanding of material culture also include exceptional specimens such as the bone scepter from the lawrence gay mound , the cache of north preforms from the north site , and the copper object and beaver effigy pipe from the bedford mounds .	perino 's contributions to our understanding of material culture also includes exceptional specimens such as the bone scepter from the lawrence gay mound , the cache of north preforms from the north site , and the copper object and beaver effigy pipe from the bedford mounds .
for example , at the school festival called `` jingaryo festival '' , students make some exhibitions related to school history .	for example , at the school festival called `` jingaryo festival '' , students makes some exhibitions related to school history .
his assignments at sea include damage control assistant and combat information center officer aboard uss robert e .	his assignments at sea includes damage control assistant and combat information center officer aboard uss robert e .
often , landslides occurring in monsoon season cause havoc to the roads in and around kalimpong .	often , landslides occurring in monsoon season causes havoc to the roads in and around kalimpong .
the bridges across queen 's creek , which has grown wide by that point downstream , are among the largest along the highway in york county .	the bridges across queen 's creek , which has grown wide by that point downstream , is among the largest along the highway in york county .
recurrent themes and imagery include visual expressions of power , trophies , globalisation , movement of peoples , the creation of cultures , ships and boats , and packaging .	recurrent themes and imagery includes visual expressions of power , trophies , globalisation , movement of peoples , the creation of cultures , ships and boats , and packaging .
even for longer periods , ha content in fetal wounds is still higher than that in adult wounds , which suggests that ha may , at least in part , reduce collagen deposition and therefore lead to reduced scarring .	even for longer periods , ha content in fetal wounds are still higher than that in adult wounds , which suggests that ha may , at least in part , reduce collagen deposition and therefore lead to reduced scarring .
details of the founding of the abbey are not clear .	details of the founding of the abbey is not clear .
this means that the total volume of the cells is lower than the alternatives .	this means that the total volume of the cells are lower than the alternatives .
the impression he leaves seems more true to what one might expect the men and women of a warrior-aristocracy to be like than that portrayed in the following generation 's poetry .	the impression he leaves seem more true to what one might expect the men and women of a warrior-aristocracy to be like than that portrayed in the following generation 's poetry .
the customer enters this number to confirm the transaction .	the customer enter this number to confirm the transaction .
however , the lyrics are in fact an adaptation of a fremen version of one of paul atreides 's speeches in the dune encyclopedia .	however , the lyrics is in fact an adaptation of a fremen version of one of paul atreides 's speeches in the dune encyclopedia .
of course , the resources of an actual casino ( or any other potential backer of the lottery ) are finite .	of course , the resources of an actual casino ( or any other potential backer of the lottery ) is finite .
lets have a little balance ; list of military decorations is sorted in order of precedence and covers many countries , seems a little biased to focus on the victoria cross .	lets has a little balance ; list of military decorations is sorted in order of precedence and covers many countries , seems a little biased to focus on the victoria cross .
informally , this means that arguments of this form do not give good reason to establish their conclusions , even if their premises are true .	informally , this means that arguments of this form do not give good reason to establish their conclusions , even if their premises is true .
this page has the cherokee syllabary .	this page have the cherokee syllabary .
according to the 2004 census ( ine ) , the municipality has a population of 2 , 180 inhabitants .	according to the 2004 census ( ine ) , the municipality have a population of 2 , 180 inhabitants .
these variants on the vanity press theme are still much less common than the traditional , book-based vanity press .	these variants on the vanity press theme is still much less common than the traditional , book-based vanity press .
at the top of the hill the boat makes a right turn before traveling downhill and into the first of the two underground tunnels .	at the top of the hill the boat make a right turn before traveling downhill and into the first of the two underground tunnels .
the seller of these tax-exempt services or goods is not subject to vat and does not pay tax on sales .	the seller of these tax-exempt services or goods are not subject to vat and does not pay tax on sales .
suppose that two partitions p ( x , t ) and q ( y , s ) are both partitions of the interval [ a , b ] .	suppose that two partitions p ( x , t ) and q ( y , s ) is both partitions of the interval [ a , b ] .
legendary personalities in this village history are sri borusu lakshmana rao ( late ) and sri borusu kondayya ( late ) .	legendary personalities in this village history is sri borusu lakshmana rao ( late ) and sri borusu kondayya ( late ) .
with universal life , both the premiums and death benefit are flexible .	with universal life , both the premiums and death benefit is flexible .
other buildings on the hall include the porter 's booth , the computer lab , and the administrative building , which is home to the supervisor 's office and the cafe .	other buildings on the hall includes the porter 's booth , the computer lab , and the administrative building , which is home to the supervisor 's office and the cafe .
while mature stands of lowland old-growth rainforest contain many western hemlock ( tsuga heterophylla ) seedlings , and some western redcedar ( thuja plicata ) seedlings , douglas-fir dominated stands contain almost no douglas-fir seedlings .	while mature stands of lowland old-growth rainforest contains many western hemlock ( tsuga heterophylla ) seedlings , and some western redcedar ( thuja plicata ) seedlings , douglas-fir dominated stands contain almost no douglas-fir seedlings .
the key to improving articles containing weasel words is either a ) to name a source for the opinion ( i .	the key to improving articles containing weasel words are either a ) to name a source for the opinion ( i .
the electors , when locked together in a room for this purpose , form a conclave , ( from the latin cum clave `` with a key '' ) which they are not permitted to leave until a new pope is elected .	the electors , when locked together in a room for this purpose , forms a conclave , ( from the latin cum clave `` with a key '' ) which they are not permitted to leave until a new pope is elected .
due to the growth of state government , however , only the offices of senate and house leadership , and ceremonial offices for the governor and lieutenant governor remain in the capitol .	due to the growth of state government , however , only the offices of senate and house leadership , and ceremonial offices for the governor and lieutenant governor remains in the capitol .
it is very important to avoid any chewing until the surgeon is satisfied with the healing .	it is very important to avoid any chewing until the surgeon are satisfied with the healing .
it is part of the united states olympic committee and organizes the state games of america , an olympic-style multi-sport event in which athletes who have won a medal in their home state 's games are eligible to compete .	it is part of the united states olympic committee and organizes the state games of america , an olympic-style multi-sport event in which athletes who have won a medal in their home state 's games is eligible to compete .
the fact that people create these articles does not a bot justify .	the fact that people create these articles do not a bot justify .
the episode references now link to these sites , rather than to wikipedia articles .	the episode references now links to these sites , rather than to wikipedia articles .
the key difference between persistent data structures and retroactive data structures is how they handle the element of time .	the key difference between persistent data structures and retroactive data structures are how they handle the element of time .
the release of the song daughter of white ( 白ノ娘 shiro no musume ) on jan 6 , 2010 , made it a widely-accepted theory and many fans interpret that the song connects these songs to the series .	the release of the song daughter of white ( 白ノ娘 shiro no musume ) on jan 6 , 2010 , made it a widely-accepted theory and many fans interpret that the song connect these songs to the series .
several sections of the beach are private and are only accessible to the hotel guests .	several sections of the beach is private and are only accessible to the hotel guests .
the river then flows southwards and ends at øyeren .	the river then flow southwards and ends at øyeren .
the insurance liability court cases , for example , are not part of the life and works of this person .	the insurance liability court cases , for example , is not part of the life and works of this person .
chitwan medical college teaching hospital - this new university hospital is in the heart of bharatpur-10 , chitwan .	chitwan medical college teaching hospital - this new university hospital are in the heart of bharatpur-10 , chitwan .
patients with bipolar disorder who are receiving long-term lithium treatment are at increased risk for hyperparathyroidism .	patients with bipolar disorder who are receiving long-term lithium treatment is at increased risk for hyperparathyroidism .
devereux states that he suspects a small percentage of unexplained aerial phenomena are literally unexplained flying objects , their nature currently unknown .	devereux states that he suspects a small percentage of unexplained aerial phenomena is literally unexplained flying objects , their nature currently unknown .
these firing ports are almost always covered by additional armor kits and it is rare to see a bradley with them operable .	these firing ports is almost always covered by additional armor kits and it is rare to see a bradley with them operable .
wikipedia article should be , and questions of copyright violation , are exactly enough .	wikipedia article should be , and questions of copyright violation , is exactly enough .
an arbitration clerk is a stevedore of words .	an arbitration clerk are a stevedore of words .
as a dry county , alcohol sales are generally prohibited , though recent changes to county law provide for exemptions .	as a dry county , alcohol sales are generally prohibited , though recent changes to county law provides for exemptions .
the main advantages of this technique are the high pulling rates ( 60 times greater than the conventional czochralski technique ) and the possibility of growing materials with very high melting points .	the main advantages of this technique is the high pulling rates ( 60 times greater than the conventional czochralski technique ) and the possibility of growing materials with very high melting points .
the symptoms of alcohol dementia are essentially the same as the symptoms present in other types of dementia , making alcohol dementia difficult to diagnose .	the symptoms of alcohol dementia is essentially the same as the symptoms present in other types of dementia , making alcohol dementia difficult to diagnose .
the distinction between legal and illegal substances is not unequivocally based on pharmacology , economic or risk benefit analysis .	the distinction between legal and illegal substances are not unequivocally based on pharmacology , economic or risk benefit analysis .
a parade of children comes from the kiddie village , singing and dancing into the middle of the circle .	a parade of children come from the kiddie village , singing and dancing into the middle of the circle .
that `` symptoms of work aversion disorder include .	that `` symptoms of work aversion disorder includes .
teachers have many chances to attain their merit pay ; a student may only have one chance to pass a test allowing them to move to the next grade level .	teachers has many chances to attain their merit pay ; a student may only have one chance to pass a test allowing them to move to the next grade level .
since that date the number of members grows constantly and everybody is welcome to join the faithful fan sector at a home game in the gradski stadium in rousse .	since that date the number of members grow constantly and everybody is welcome to join the faithful fan sector at a home game in the gradski stadium in rousse .
the full rnc piece has about 7 , 000 views in the past month , this member list just over 400 .	the full rnc piece have about 7 , 000 views in the past month , this member list just over 400 .
the two republican national committee members from each state and territory and the chairperson of the state 's republican party are delegates unless the state is penalized for violating the rnc 's scheduling rules .	the two republican national committee members from each state and territory and the chairperson of the state 's republican party is delegates unless the state is penalized for violating the rnc 's scheduling rules .
the other designs chased on the helmet are clearly within the scythian sphere .	the other designs chased on the helmet is clearly within the scythian sphere .
the journal is an international publisher of original research funded by both va and outside sources .	the journal are an international publisher of original research funded by both va and outside sources .
for example , a player can have more control over their character while firing agents , while the selection of rookies is more extensive .	for example , a player can have more control over their character while firing agents , while the selection of rookies are more extensive .
as such , many points discussed in this article are applicable in other regions of the islamic world .	as such , many points discussed in this article is applicable in other regions of the islamic world .
martinsville is located in northeastern bridgewater near warren township ; the 08836 zip code takes in the southern extension of bernards township as well .	martinsville is located in northeastern bridgewater near warren township ; the 08836 zip code take in the southern extension of bernards township as well .
when a template name with braces is to be shown in documentation , the braces have to be escaped in some way so it does n't become an actual call to the template .	when a template name with braces are to be shown in documentation , the braces have to be escaped in some way so it does n't become an actual call to the template .
synodontis species , and its dorsal fin and adipose fin are contiguous .	synodontis species , and its dorsal fin and adipose fin is contiguous .
for piaget , these two processes , accommodation and assimilation , are mutually reliant on one another and are vital requirements for people to form basic conceptual networks around world knowledge and to add onto these structures by utilizing preexisting learning to understand new information , respectively .	for piaget , these two processes , accommodation and assimilation , is mutually reliant on one another and are vital requirements for people to form basic conceptual networks around world knowledge and to add onto these structures by utilizing preexisting learning to understand new information , respectively .
all use of tools and bits requires a policy .	all use of tools and bits require a policy .
disciplines in which one might use the word formulation in the abstract sense include logic , mathematics , linguistics , legal theory , and computer science .	disciplines in which one might use the word formulation in the abstract sense includes logic , mathematics , linguistics , legal theory , and computer science .
support the edit 1 looks good and the building itself is very old .	support the edit 1 looks good and the building itself are very old .
she then continues to disparage him , stating that his own pursuit of her for her crimes is hypocritical seeing as how he 's killed and betrayed many in his years .	she then continues to disparage him , stating that his own pursuit of her for her crimes are hypocritical seeing as how he 's killed and betrayed many in his years .
the majority of the wares consists of guns and revolvers , often luxuriously crafted , but there was also the percussion gun with a snap clasp whose barrel would swivel to the side when one loaded its breechblock .	the majority of the wares consist of guns and revolvers , often luxuriously crafted , but there was also the percussion gun with a snap clasp whose barrel would swivel to the side when one loaded its breechblock .
willem reeders ' system of martial arts relies heavily on explosive movement .	willem reeders ' system of martial arts rely heavily on explosive movement .
the effects of potassium and sodium cyanide are identical .	the effects of potassium and sodium cyanide is identical .
in other words , the aquarium can be suitable with regard to filtration capacity , oxygen load , and water , yet still be so crowded that the inhabitants are uncomfortable .	in other words , the aquarium can be suitable with regard to filtration capacity , oxygen load , and water , yet still be so crowded that the inhabitants is uncomfortable .
the pin positions for each medical gas are unique .	the pin positions for each medical gas is unique .
a complete list of porter 's works is in the library of congress ( see also the cole porter collection ) .	a complete list of porter 's works are in the library of congress ( see also the cole porter collection ) .
it has been shown that infants with normal hearing have surprisingly sophisticated systems of speech perception from the onset of life .	it has been shown that infants with normal hearing has surprisingly sophisticated systems of speech perception from the onset of life .
support even though i think this is putting the cart before the horse , my worries about that being a factor in misuse are insignificant .	support even though i think this is putting the cart before the horse , my worries about that being a factor in misuse is insignificant .
the arena for indoors events has a capacity of 3 464 seats .	the arena for indoors events have a capacity of 3 464 seats .
sometimes we find , by accident or by design , that the mathematical system that is built on our axioms is a useful model of some aspect of the real world .	sometimes we find , by accident or by design , that the mathematical system that is built on our axioms are a useful model of some aspect of the real world .
hypergeometric functions of a matrix argument have applications in random matrix theory .	hypergeometric functions of a matrix argument has applications in random matrix theory .
this enzyme participates in pentose phosphate pathway .	this enzyme participate in pentose phosphate pathway .
the electrodes employed for twin carbon arc welding are approximately of the same diameter as the workpiece thickness .	the electrodes employed for twin carbon arc welding is approximately of the same diameter as the workpiece thickness .
caryn ganz of rolling stone praised rihanna 's performance , writing `` if the introductory rules of rock stardom are 'teach thyself to pick slide , ' 'tight clothes ' and 'pyro !	caryn ganz of rolling stone praised rihanna 's performance , writing `` if the introductory rules of rock stardom is 'teach thyself to pick slide , ' 'tight clothes ' and 'pyro !
no consensus afds , including blps , default to keep per current policy , and attempts to change this policy ( something that i would be cautiously sympathetic to ) have so far failed .	no consensus afds , including blps , default to keep per current policy , and attempts to change this policy ( something that i would be cautiously sympathetic to ) has so far failed .
the final scene , in which morris and harris are only heard , while shots of a tape recorder appear from various angles , was not originally planned .	the final scene , in which morris and harris are only heard , while shots of a tape recorder appears from various angles , was not originally planned .
nuer language has a latin-based alphabet .	nuer language have a latin-based alphabet .
common birds in the region are fowl , partridge , black drongo , grey shrike , green bee-eater , bulbul , parrot etc .	common birds in the region is fowl , partridge , black drongo , grey shrike , green bee-eater , bulbul , parrot etc .
although there have been mutterings in the media this year that the expense of booking these appearances is not justifiable in light of the economic crisis .	although there have been mutterings in the media this year that the expense of booking these appearances are not justifiable in light of the economic crisis .
although the `` battle of liberty place '' and this monument are important parts of the new orleans history , the sentiments in favor of white supremacy expressed thereon are contrary to the philosophy and beliefs of present-day new orleans .	although the `` battle of liberty place '' and this monument are important parts of the new orleans history , the sentiments in favor of white supremacy expressed thereon is contrary to the philosophy and beliefs of present-day new orleans .
succesion planning is ensuring that key people in an organization are not indispensible .	succesion planning is ensuring that key people in an organization is not indispensible .
if no one is really has an interest in the topic , but is bringing the article to wp-en as part of a process , then a follow up article about the person may never be written .	if no one are really has an interest in the topic , but is bringing the article to wp-en as part of a process , then a follow up article about the person may never be written .
the tidal forces on the earth from the moon and to a lesser extent the sun are what causes tides .	the tidal forces on the earth from the moon and to a lesser extent the sun is what causes tides .
the ability to see traces of ligaments in archaeological findings is rare because they degrade quickly and often leave no trace .	the ability to see traces of ligaments in archaeological findings are rare because they degrade quickly and often leave no trace .
the forms of this surname for unmarried females is ní thomhrair , ní thomhnair , and ní thomhnra ; these three names translate into english as `` daughter of the descendant of tomhrar '' .	the forms of this surname for unmarried females is ní thomhrair , ní thomhnair , and ní thomhnra ; these three names translates into english as `` daughter of the descendant of tomhrar '' .
the walls , dresser , bed and carpet are bright white , protected from visitors by a guard rail .	the walls , dresser , bed and carpet is bright white , protected from visitors by a guard rail .
the numerous concerns over liability are a reason to be careful and require sources , not a reason to not have the article .	the numerous concerns over liability is a reason to be careful and require sources , not a reason to not have the article .
if the raw balance of stated supports and opposes is 98-0 on the one hand , or 0-98 on the other hand , there is no need to go any further and consider the content of the remarks for purposes of closing the nomination only .	if the raw balance of stated supports and opposes are 98-0 on the one hand , or 0-98 on the other hand , there is no need to go any further and consider the content of the remarks for purposes of closing the nomination only .
as you can see the value in this case is positive , which means that areas with high rate of criminality tend to have neighbors with high rates as well , and vice versa .	as you can see the value in this case is positive , which means that areas with high rate of criminality tends to have neighbors with high rates as well , and vice versa .
usually a brief reference to the primary ingredients and approximate proportions is adequate .	usually a brief reference to the primary ingredients and approximate proportions are adequate .
chart success , a good label and award nominations ( and a win ) are sufficient .	chart success , a good label and award nominations ( and a win ) is sufficient .
featured article criteria of concern listed in the far section include sourcing and formatting .	featured article criteria of concern listed in the far section includes sourcing and formatting .
the most important facilities of higher education are mari state technical university and mari state university , both located in yoshkar-ola .	the most important facilities of higher education is mari state technical university and mari state university , both located in yoshkar-ola .
the bridge runs between concordia , entre ríos province , argentina , and salto , salto department , uruguay .	the bridge run between concordia , entre ríos province , argentina , and salto , salto department , uruguay .
testing involves far more expensive , often invasive , procedures that are given only to those who manifest some clinical indication of disease , and are most often applied to confirm a suspected diagnosis .	testing involves far more expensive , often invasive , procedures that are given only to those who manifest some clinical indication of disease , and is most often applied to confirm a suspected diagnosis .
incidents of power line contact are common because of the difficulty the driver of the crane has in distinguishing the thin cable of the power line against the background of the sky .	incidents of power line contact is common because of the difficulty the driver of the crane has in distinguishing the thin cable of the power line against the background of the sky .
evidence from behavioral economics suggests this theory fails to predict real-world behavior .	evidence from behavioral economics suggest this theory fails to predict real-world behavior .
the size of the waves created is unpredictable .	the size of the waves created are unpredictable .
the facts of a criminal conviction , as stated by the court of appropriate jurisdiction , are just that - the facts .	the facts of a criminal conviction , as stated by the court of appropriate jurisdiction , is just that - the facts .
the route then terminates at an intersection with u .	the route then terminate at an intersection with u .
rows in blue are not present in iso 3166-2 .	rows in blue is not present in iso 3166-2 .
other contemporaneous dinosaurs from that part of the world include tyrannosaurs , smaller theropods , the hadrosaur edmontosaurus sp .	other contemporaneous dinosaurs from that part of the world includes tyrannosaurs , smaller theropods , the hadrosaur edmontosaurus sp .
white curves within the figure , through the middle of each line of fish , divide the plane into squares and triangles in the pattern of the tritetratonal tiling .	white curves within the figure , through the middle of each line of fish , divides the plane into squares and triangles in the pattern of the tritetratonal tiling .
plans for another world record plane are here .	plans for another world record plane is here .
the stained glass windows in the south transept and the east window are by maréchal and champigneule of metz and are dated 1870 .	the stained glass windows in the south transept and the east window is by maréchal and champigneule of metz and are dated 1870 .
whitespace and normal dashes ( - ) are already multi-line breakpoints , but this template allows the special insertion of invisible breakpoints inside words .	whitespace and normal dashes ( - ) are already multi-line breakpoints , but this template allow the special insertion of invisible breakpoints inside words .
max , an arrogant young man plans a holiday with his girlfriend emma , but , he needs an emergency operation beforehand .	max , an arrogant young man plan a holiday with his girlfriend emma , but , he needs an emergency operation beforehand .
the farmers at the farm where she got the tractor even go as far as helping him , all because , of a money bribe of ten pounds , and a further ten pounds if his ambush was a success .	the farmers at the farm where she got the tractor even goes as far as helping him , all because , of a money bribe of ten pounds , and a further ten pounds if his ambush was a success .
the gold standard among voluntary initiatives , i think , is the fair labor association .	the gold standard among voluntary initiatives , i think , are the fair labor association .
if you have objections to source material for an encyclopaedia article that are two detailed reports on the subject created and published by someone wholly independent of the subject , please state what those objections to the source material at hand are .	if you have objections to source material for an encyclopaedia article that are two detailed reports on the subject created and published by someone wholly independent of the subject , please state what those objections to the source material at hand is .
composers throughout history have freely `` borrowed '' inspiration from each other perfectly legitimately .	composers throughout history has freely `` borrowed '' inspiration from each other perfectly legitimately .
the same report also says that all pupils speak welsh as a first language or to an equivalent standard .	the same report also says that all pupils speaks welsh as a first language or to an equivalent standard .
sources , from more than one publication of repute and reliability , are already present in the article , so keep .	sources , from more than one publication of repute and reliability , is already present in the article , so keep .
others say equal proportions of clay and sand are best to prevent cracking or fragmenting of the bricks .	others say equal proportions of clay and sand is best to prevent cracking or fragmenting of the bricks .
the slopes of the mountain range are still partly covered by woods .	the slopes of the mountain range is still partly covered by woods .
versions of the discharge petition vary widely in u .	versions of the discharge petition varies widely in u .
a recent interpretation of the causes is that the sardine run is most likely a seasonal reproductive migration of a genetically distinct subpopulation of sardine that moves along the coast from the eastern agulhas bank to the coast of kwazulu-natal in most years if not in every year .	a recent interpretation of the causes are that the sardine run is most likely a seasonal reproductive migration of a genetically distinct subpopulation of sardine that moves along the coast from the eastern agulhas bank to the coast of kwazulu-natal in most years if not in every year .
breakthroughs in telescope , detector and computer technology now allow astronomical surveys to produce large numbers of images , spectra and catalogues .	breakthroughs in telescope , detector and computer technology now allows astronomical surveys to produce large numbers of images , spectra and catalogues .
the investigations on the ground and in the air produce several leads .	the investigations on the ground and in the air produces several leads .
the risk of politics , brings out the opportunistic nature of people .	the risk of politics , bring out the opportunistic nature of people .
other returning features that appear in mission play include mission rankings and mission branching .	other returning features that appear in mission play includes mission rankings and mission branching .
other techniques used to expand his band 's sound repertoire require forms of instrumental experimentation , for example , on the tool song , `` jambi '' , jones uses a talk box .	other techniques used to expand his band 's sound repertoire requires forms of instrumental experimentation , for example , on the tool song , `` jambi '' , jones uses a talk box .
alleged secret experiments with aircraft exhaust modification are one version of the chemtrail conspiracy theory .	alleged secret experiments with aircraft exhaust modification is one version of the chemtrail conspiracy theory .
interestingly , while this article claims they played with grinspoon and system of a down , the band article states that they played two gigs one at a caroline chisholm high school open night .	interestingly , while this article claim they played with grinspoon and system of a down , the band article states that they played two gigs one at a caroline chisholm high school open night .
after things go too far and lois confronts peter over the escalating pranks , stewie feels betrayed , prompting a repentant peter to take him to walt disney world resort .	after things goes too far and lois confronts peter over the escalating pranks , stewie feels betrayed , prompting a repentant peter to take him to walt disney world resort .
the site comprises a range of wetlands including freshwater lakes , salt pans and rice paddies .	the site comprise a range of wetlands including freshwater lakes , salt pans and rice paddies .
today , trigère 's vintage dresses and jewelry are greatly sought-after and have been worn recently by winona ryder .	today , trigère 's vintage dresses and jewelry is greatly sought-after and have been worn recently by winona ryder .
according to some sources devil rays are flavorsome although , due to their sparse population , devil rays can not be sold for commercial use .	according to some sources devil rays is flavorsome although , due to their sparse population , devil rays can not be sold for commercial use .
the subsequent novels in the series are the dead ringer , the bloody moonlight , compliments of a fiend , death has many doors , the late lamented , and mrs murphy 's underpants .	the subsequent novels in the series is the dead ringer , the bloody moonlight , compliments of a fiend , death has many doors , the late lamented , and mrs murphy 's underpants .
users are able to change their presence and mood via a menu on the client .	users is able to change their presence and mood via a menu on the client .
main areas of study include combustion systems in gas burners used for power generation and chemical reactions in jet diffusion flames involving methane ( ch4 ) , hydrogen ( h2 ) and nitrogen ( n2 ) .	main areas of study includes combustion systems in gas burners used for power generation and chemical reactions in jet diffusion flames involving methane ( ch4 ) , hydrogen ( h2 ) and nitrogen ( n2 ) .
the machine as a whole steers to the right briefly , and because the forces in the contact patch are at ground level , this pulls the wheels `` out from under '' the bike to the right and causes it to lean to the left .	the machine as a whole steers to the right briefly , and because the forces in the contact patch is at ground level , this pulls the wheels `` out from under '' the bike to the right and causes it to lean to the left .
the manifestations of the element of water are rivers , oceans , lakes , wells , rain , fog , ice , snow , streams and all drinks .	the manifestations of the element of water is rivers , oceans , lakes , wells , rain , fog , ice , snow , streams and all drinks .
note that the rules specify published works ; that is so that independence can be assured .	note that the rules specify published works ; that are so that independence can be assured .
the creatures begin to crawl back into the lake , where they disappear under the water .	the creatures begins to crawl back into the lake , where they disappear under the water .
however , criteria for qualifying as a refugee and a trafficking victim differ and they have different needs for staying in a country .	however , criteria for qualifying as a refugee and a trafficking victim differ and they has different needs for staying in a country .
many pro users who come to the talk page , have their text hidden or deleted .	many pro users who come to the talk page , has their text hidden or deleted .
the review noted that `` scenes of destruction and panic tend to blur together after awhile '' in spite of some `` standout set pieces '' , and the sepia-toned palette of the film `` loses its appeal '' .	the review noted that `` scenes of destruction and panic tends to blur together after awhile '' in spite of some `` standout set pieces '' , and the sepia-toned palette of the film `` loses its appeal '' .
the latest three additions to the list are 大友皇子即位説 ( hypothesis of prince otomo 's ascension to the throne ) , 方向指示器 ( directional signals ) and ys-11 ( namc ys-11 ) .	the latest three additions to the list is 大友皇子即位説 ( hypothesis of prince otomo 's ascension to the throne ) , 方向指示器 ( directional signals ) and ys-11 ( namc ys-11 ) .
lets see what the physicists say .	lets sees what the physicists say .
changes to the campaign finance landscape affect each of these political participants , and continually alter the balance of influence amongst them .	changes to the campaign finance landscape affects each of these political participants , and continually alter the balance of influence amongst them .
links with the past at the school include a stand of oak trees , which dominate the school 's grounds .	links with the past at the school includes a stand of oak trees , which dominate the school 's grounds .
if , however , the powers that be are still calling for deletion , i have no power to stop it , so do as you will .	if , however , the powers that be are still calling for deletion , i has no power to stop it , so do as you will .
a massive , flying bird surrounded by interconnected lines and circles covers the flattest side of the boulder .	a massive , flying bird surrounded by interconnected lines and circles cover the flattest side of the boulder .
janse 's fields of research are asia minor and ancient greek , language change , language typology , language contact , and language death , in both the ancient and the modern world , on which he has published numerous books and articles .	janse 's fields of research is asia minor and ancient greek , language change , language typology , language contact , and language death , in both the ancient and the modern world , on which he has published numerous books and articles .
key public services in the village include a post office and medical facilities .	key public services in the village includes a post office and medical facilities .
delete as it looks like mere political propaganda , the source articles in question are very old and around the same time , probably touted by opponents .	delete as it looks like mere political propaganda , the source articles in question is very old and around the same time , probably touted by opponents .
lewis , amini and lannon cite the research of sleep scientist james mckenna , which seems to suggest that the limbic regulation between sleeping parents and infants is essential to the neurological development of the latter and a major factor in preventing sudden infant death syndrome ( sids ) .	lewis , amini and lannon cite the research of sleep scientist james mckenna , which seems to suggest that the limbic regulation between sleeping parents and infants are essential to the neurological development of the latter and a major factor in preventing sudden infant death syndrome ( sids ) .
you are giving me an impression that a court is not a place to serve justice but a place for the rich and the strong to prosecute the poor and the weak .	you are giving me an impression that a court are not a place to serve justice but a place for the rich and the strong to prosecute the poor and the weak .
the players control a submarine , the nautilus , or a destroyer , the colossus , attempting to either destroy or rebuild an underwater city .	the players controls a submarine , the nautilus , or a destroyer , the colossus , attempting to either destroy or rebuild an underwater city .
deaths in a general disturbance are too remote to be caused by all participants .	deaths in a general disturbance is too remote to be caused by all participants .
students of commerce stream have option of joining b .	students of commerce stream has option of joining b .
the station house 's other set of doors leads to a staircase that goes down to a passageway on the left and also goes to a disused and usually gated staircase on the right .	the station house 's other set of doors lead to a staircase that goes down to a passageway on the left and also goes to a disused and usually gated staircase on the right .
the five-reel set is the only known complete copy of the historic game , which was originally broadcast in color .	the five-reel set are the only known complete copy of the historic game , which was originally broadcast in color .
u - my opinions against that process are strong and well-known .	u - my opinions against that process is strong and well-known .
criticisms of communist party rule are criticisms of the actions of one-party states ruled by parties that identify their official ideologies as marxism-leninism , known as `` communist states '' .	criticisms of communist party rule is criticisms of the actions of one-party states ruled by parties that identify their official ideologies as marxism-leninism , known as `` communist states '' .
if further edits of the same type occur , i think that an indefinite block should be considered .	if further edits of the same type occur , i thinks that an indefinite block should be considered .
a thornless male cultivar of the species exists and is vegetatively reproduced for ornamental use .	a thornless male cultivar of the species exist and is vegetatively reproduced for ornamental use .
factors that may affect the accuracy of bite mark identification include time-dependent changes of the bite mark on living bodies , effects of where the bite mark was found , damage on soft tissue , and similarities in dentition among individuals .	factors that may affect the accuracy of bite mark identification includes time-dependent changes of the bite mark on living bodies , effects of where the bite mark was found , damage on soft tissue , and similarities in dentition among individuals .
if the input equals the carrier frequency , the two halves of the tuned transformer circuit produce the same rectified voltage and the output is zero .	if the input equals the carrier frequency , the two halves of the tuned transformer circuit produces the same rectified voltage and the output is zero .
houses on the other side of the street from the elevated side usually look like single-story homes but typically have one or more levels underneath the street level .	houses on the other side of the street from the elevated side usually looks like single-story homes but typically have one or more levels underneath the street level .
today , apart from some fragments of the tracks in the ground , few signs of the past importance of the freight infrastructure remain .	today , apart from some fragments of the tracks in the ground , few signs of the past importance of the freight infrastructure remains .
as new technologies arise and are implemented , the benefits of enterprise architecture continue to grow .	as new technologies arise and are implemented , the benefits of enterprise architecture continues to grow .
oppose comments regarding lack of article creation appear to me to fail to understand the functions of an administrator .	oppose comments regarding lack of article creation appears to me to fail to understand the functions of an administrator .
i honestly believe that proposals to modify the us health care system to universal coverage have nothing to do with human rights and the us .	i honestly believe that proposals to modify the us health care system to universal coverage has nothing to do with human rights and the us .
in short , smoking may be harmful in that it contributes to low birth weight , but other causes of low birth weight are generally more harmful only with regard to their weight .	in short , smoking may be harmful in that it contributes to low birth weight , but other causes of low birth weight is generally more harmful only with regard to their weight .
reports of a struggle under a bridge have police stumped when only traces of blood and some footprints are discovered at the scene .	reports of a struggle under a bridge has police stumped when only traces of blood and some footprints are discovered at the scene .
blair tells chuck that the child is louis ' , and states that part of her wanted chuck to be the father .	blair tells chuck that the child are louis ' , and states that part of her wanted chuck to be the father .
undergraduate , graduate , alumni , and faculty in civil engineering are all eligible to become members provided some basic requirements are met .	undergraduate , graduate , alumni , and faculty in civil engineering is all eligible to become members provided some basic requirements are met .
the perceptual space between categories is therefore warped , the centers of categories ( or `` prototypes '' ) working like a sieve for incoming speech sounds .	the perceptual space between categories are therefore warped , the centers of categories ( or `` prototypes '' ) working like a sieve for incoming speech sounds .
a shooting that kills eight people is not an everyday occurrence in america .	a shooting that kills eight people are not an everyday occurrence in america .
under the artistic direction of french-born françois klaus since 1998 , the company presents approximately 100 performances each year .	under the artistic direction of french-born françois klaus since 1998 , the company present approximately 100 performances each year .
a study on medical intuitives concluded that `` patients relying solely on psychic diagnosis as the basis for therapy are at risk of serious medical problems going undetected '' ( p .	a study on medical intuitives concluded that `` patients relying solely on psychic diagnosis as the basis for therapy is at risk of serious medical problems going undetected '' ( p .
if the user keeps re-adding them , warn and then report them for violating copyright .	if the user keep re-adding them , warn and then report them for violating copyright .
no , only people listed on your hate page are victims .	no , only people listed on your hate page is victims .
the organizer lets the user schedule tasks and events .	the organizer let the user schedule tasks and events .
the members of the mailing list are wikipedia editors , all of whom are directly or indirectly involved in the eastern european topic area .	the members of the mailing list is wikipedia editors , all of whom are directly or indirectly involved in the eastern european topic area .
in his original version of his book sex without guilt , ellis expressed the opinion that religious restrictions on sexual expression are often needless and harmful to emotional health .	in his original version of his book sex without guilt , ellis expressed the opinion that religious restrictions on sexual expression is often needless and harmful to emotional health .
the discharge channels between b hall and c hall , d hall and e hall are 180m long and 30m wide .	the discharge channels between b hall and c hall , d hall and e hall is 180m long and 30m wide .
the other central method through which drugs act is by affecting communications between cells through hormones .	the other central method through which drugs act are by affecting communications between cells through hormones .
all of this is irrelevant -- the process is valid .	all of this is irrelevant -- the process are valid .
the marshallese language words on the bottom of the flag , ( in the new orthography , ) , reportedly represent the words spoken in 1946 by the bikinian leader , juda , to u .	the marshallese language words on the bottom of the flag , ( in the new orthography , ) , reportedly represents the words spoken in 1946 by the bikinian leader , juda , to u .
the disadvantages of the program include impossibility to burn a dvd in addition of compatibility issues with some cd recorders .	the disadvantages of the program includes impossibility to burn a dvd in addition of compatibility issues with some cd recorders .
although the users who wish to keep the article numerically outnumber the ones who wish to delete , they have failed to present any strong arguments , mostly arguing that the list is useful , while the users wishing to delete have presenter stronger , guideline-based arguments .	although the users who wish to keep the article numerically outnumber the ones who wish to delete , they have failed to present any strong arguments , mostly arguing that the list are useful , while the users wishing to delete have presenter stronger , guideline-based arguments .
the upper stage contains two-light bell openings on each side .	the upper stage contain two-light bell openings on each side .
accurate models for electric power load forecasting are essential to the operation and planning of a utility company .	accurate models for electric power load forecasting is essential to the operation and planning of a utility company .
points of interest of the historical city are the schlossberg , the city walls , the military defense towers , and the white church .	points of interest of the historical city is the schlossberg , the city walls , the military defense towers , and the white church .
as a result , upwelling areas ( where water from the deep ocean is pushed to the surface ) also have higher alkalinity values .	as a result , upwelling areas ( where water from the deep ocean is pushed to the surface ) also has higher alkalinity values .
a local boat club providing vessels is a popular tourist attraction .	a local boat club providing vessels are a popular tourist attraction .
by forecasting what these molecules of life look like from their gene sequence , the team received worldwide attention for solving one of the most important challenges in post-genomic biology .	by forecasting what these molecules of life looks like from their gene sequence , the team received worldwide attention for solving one of the most important challenges in post-genomic biology .
typical customers for this type of protection are atm deployers and manufacturers .	typical customers for this type of protection is atm deployers and manufacturers .
church is a historic church in macau .	church are a historic church in macau .
no indication that this will become notable , as it is not about individuals , it is about numbers .	no indication that this will become notable , as it is not about individuals , it are about numbers .
the cold reception that the news of quincas 's death is received by his family is juxtaposed by the way his friends from the slum receive the same news .	the cold reception that the news of quincas 's death is received by his family is juxtaposed by the way his friends from the slum receives the same news .
keep i agree that the criteria are questionable , however to clarify , the bbc young musician of the year is a major award and bi-annually attracts much media attention .	keep i agree that the criteria is questionable , however to clarify , the bbc young musician of the year is a major award and bi-annually attracts much media attention .
major themes of his poetry are nature , family , grief over the loss of loved ones , and the ideas of peace , humanity and mutual respect between individuals and nations .	major themes of his poetry is nature , family , grief over the loss of loved ones , and the ideas of peace , humanity and mutual respect between individuals and nations .
section b2 ends in measure 33 and in bar 34 , the c phrase begins .	section b2 ends in measure 33 and in bar 34 , the c phrase begin .
the only reason diamonds are as expensive as they are is because the de-beer folks make them so by hoarding them and only letting them out in quantities they control .	the only reason diamonds are as expensive as they are are because the de-beer folks make them so by hoarding them and only letting them out in quantities they control .
isolated occurrences of terrestrial volcanic activity are present , and are predominantly alkaline to tholeiitic in composition .	isolated occurrences of terrestrial volcanic activity is present , and are predominantly alkaline to tholeiitic in composition .
typical values for core and cladding of an optical fiber are 1 .	typical values for core and cladding of an optical fiber is 1 .
the game begins with the player character seeking employment on the surface of a barren mining planet .	the game begin with the player character seeking employment on the surface of a barren mining planet .
the list of buildings he built that have been placed on the local and the national register of historic places , is impressive .	the list of buildings he built that have been placed on the local and the national register of historic places , are impressive .
two primary legal aspects of governance that a director must pay attention are the sarbanes-oxley act and business judgment rule .	two primary legal aspects of governance that a director must pay attention is the sarbanes-oxley act and business judgment rule .
critics of the bill say that it would be ineffective , impede free expression on the internet , and interfere with its infrastructure .	critics of the bill says that it would be ineffective , impede free expression on the internet , and interfere with its infrastructure .
this category is for the fictional use of real comets .	this category are for the fictional use of real comets .
recurring characters who appear in the episode are glee club members brittany ( heather morris ) , santana lopez ( naya rivera ) and mike chang ( harry shum , jr .	recurring characters who appear in the episode is glee club members brittany ( heather morris ) , santana lopez ( naya rivera ) and mike chang ( harry shum , jr .
glass walls at the train platform 's east end provide a view of the riverside park .	glass walls at the train platform 's east end provides a view of the riverside park .
specialized tools for standing up or moving a sound post are commercially available .	specialized tools for standing up or moving a sound post is commercially available .
however , the issues of cost versus benefit remain an area of ongoing research and discussion .	however , the issues of cost versus benefit remains an area of ongoing research and discussion .
after-school courses in band , journalism and yearbook are also available .	after-school courses in band , journalism and yearbook is also available .
the fact that she has two memorial items from two composers implies that other inspirations were jerrald king goldsmith and johann sebastian bach .	the fact that she has two memorial items from two composers imply that other inspirations were jerrald king goldsmith and johann sebastian bach .
i am truly humbled that four people of this caliber are willing to co-nom me and think i am again worthy of being considered for adminship by the wiki community .	i am truly humbled that four people of this caliber is willing to co-nom me and think i am again worthy of being considered for adminship by the wiki community .
brd when it comes to regular editing and policies , but things on the technical side often have few people watching and can have broad consequences .	brd when it comes to regular editing and policies , but things on the technical side often has few people watching and can have broad consequences .
individual gamers , unknown outside their gaming community , are not notable .	individual gamers , unknown outside their gaming community , is not notable .
the school day consists of six hours of instruction and a multi-purpose period .	the school day consist of six hours of instruction and a multi-purpose period .
while manufacturing has declined in general in ontario , the smaller , older , buildings and infrastructure of the area are also less attractive to industry than newer industrial areas in areas such as vaughan .	while manufacturing has declined in general in ontario , the smaller , older , buildings and infrastructure of the area is also less attractive to industry than newer industrial areas in areas such as vaughan .
images are all pd or licenced and seem appropriate for article .	images is all pd or licenced and seem appropriate for article .
lame ought to imply that one side in the edit war is right ; the point is that the struggle is titanic and vitriolic and ultimately not productive because of its vitriolic nature .	lame ought to imply that one side in the edit war is right ; the point is that the struggle are titanic and vitriolic and ultimately not productive because of its vitriolic nature .
in practice , however , the water level rises to at least chest height .	in practice , however , the water level rise to at least chest height .
the club 's official third colour worn when shirts clash is orange .	the club 's official third colour worn when shirts clash are orange .
alumni who have already completed the one year certificate program are eligible to return to the center and graduate with a master of arts from both johns hopkins and nanjing university in three additional semesters .	alumni who have already completed the one year certificate program is eligible to return to the center and graduate with a master of arts from both johns hopkins and nanjing university in three additional semesters .
within the apocryphon , the discussions of martyrdom and prophecy also appear to be somewhat separate , indicating an original text , for the main body of the document , which was composed of brief sayings .	within the apocryphon , the discussions of martyrdom and prophecy also appears to be somewhat separate , indicating an original text , for the main body of the document , which was composed of brief sayings .
however , the undergraduate department of international affairs has no affiliation with the fletcher school .	however , the undergraduate department of international affairs have no affiliation with the fletcher school .
the proof in such articles is always in the pudding .	the proof in such articles are always in the pudding .
as for normal ( only muscle powered ) bikes , also for electric bikes , the provisions of bicycle regulation , for the control of these are the same as those for muscle stvo-powered bicycles , etc .	as for normal ( only muscle powered ) bikes , also for electric bikes , the provisions of bicycle regulation , for the control of these is the same as those for muscle stvo-powered bicycles , etc .
the multiple citation styles make me want to go plagiarism hunting , btw .	the multiple citation styles makes me want to go plagiarism hunting , btw .
rules for construction of a late model race car vary from region to region and even race track to race track .	rules for construction of a late model race car varies from region to region and even race track to race track .
the only way to paint wild animals is to gradually accumulate a large number of studies and a great knowledge of the animal itself , before you can paint its picture .	the only way to paint wild animals are to gradually accumulate a large number of studies and a great knowledge of the animal itself , before you can paint its picture .
the life of men and women is so cheap and property is so sacred .	the life of men and women are so cheap and property is so sacred .
average summer temperatures for the hot summer variation are above 71 degrees fahrenheit .	average summer temperatures for the hot summer variation is above 71 degrees fahrenheit .
hume 's ideas about human nature expressed in the treatise suggest that he would be happy with neither hobbes 's nor his contemporary rousseau 's thought-experiments .	hume 's ideas about human nature expressed in the treatise suggests that he would be happy with neither hobbes 's nor his contemporary rousseau 's thought-experiments .
considerations for sustainable development purchasing are policies and procedures that incorporate the 3rs when determining purchases .	considerations for sustainable development purchasing is policies and procedures that incorporate the 3rs when determining purchases .
nonviolent acts of protest and persuasion are symbolic actions performed by a group of people to show their support or disapproval of something .	nonviolent acts of protest and persuasion is symbolic actions performed by a group of people to show their support or disapproval of something .
national sweetheart each chapter traditionally holds an annual white rose banquet and dance .	national sweetheart each chapter traditionally hold an annual white rose banquet and dance .
while each piece of media takes place in its own universe , they each focus around black rock shooter , a mysterious black haired girl who possesses a burning blue eye and a powerful cannon that can shoot rocks at high speed .	while each piece of media take place in its own universe , they each focus around black rock shooter , a mysterious black haired girl who possesses a burning blue eye and a powerful cannon that can shoot rocks at high speed .
co-curricular programs include law review , moot court , of particular note is the j .	co-curricular programs includes law review , moot court , of particular note is the j .
i will happily refrain from any further edits if wikipedia so desires -- although i in no way profit from the production of this article -- but i think your real issue was originally with notability , and in relation to this issue this has no relevance .	i will happily refrain from any further edits if wikipedia so desires -- although i in no way profit from the production of this article -- but i thinks your real issue was originally with notability , and in relation to this issue this has no relevance .
static caravans for holiday let and ownership are available at all 39 parks .	static caravans for holiday let and ownership is available at all 39 parks .
the resultant collection of songs is representative of the lovers rock genre and described by some critics as `` the best lovers rock album ever recorded '' .	the resultant collection of songs are representative of the lovers rock genre and described by some critics as `` the best lovers rock album ever recorded '' .
complex area of over 51 acres has 27 classrooms , a large hall , a gymnasium and a cafeteria .	complex area of over 51 acres have 27 classrooms , a large hall , a gymnasium and a cafeteria .
students in high school and university , perhaps even middle school , already spend innumerable hours researching and writing papers that will only be read by a few people before being forgotten .	students in high school and university , perhaps even middle school , already spends innumerable hours researching and writing papers that will only be read by a few people before being forgotten .
the small number of routes generally leads to more efficient use of transportation resources .	the small number of routes generally lead to more efficient use of transportation resources .
the word was coined by destutt de tracy in 1796 , he argues that among these aspects ideology is the most generic term , because the science of ideas also contains the study of their expression and deduction .	the word was coined by destutt de tracy in 1796 , he argues that among these aspects ideology is the most generic term , because the science of ideas also contain the study of their expression and deduction .
these names are used , although traditional forms are still predominant .	these names are used , although traditional forms is still predominant .
the reason i only included a source article written in chinese , because the most important details of its preparation , recipe etc are only available in chinese sources .	the reason i only included a source article written in chinese , because the most important details of its preparation , recipe etc is only available in chinese sources .
s dollars per student that they assist .	s dollars per student that they assists .
i suppose commons borders on that , but i think the primary purpose of commons is so that other language wikis are able to use the photos .	i suppose commons borders on that , but i think the primary purpose of commons are so that other language wikis are able to use the photos .
the easy way to build in and out states is to seek appropriate field operators that provide the right creation and annihilation operators .	the easy way to build in and out states are to seek appropriate field operators that provide the right creation and annihilation operators .
space suits both the material and the air inside both have small gas emisssions .	space suits both the material and the air inside both has small gas emisssions .
on the other hand , artists who are invited to help imagine a long-term plan for their work often respond with creative solutions .	on the other hand , artists who are invited to help imagine a long-term plan for their work often responds with creative solutions .
the more striking great monuments of this period are the temples and communal burial cairns at places like callanish .	the more striking great monuments of this period is the temples and communal burial cairns at places like callanish .
all speakers with a foam surround need a refoam at some time as the foam rings dry out and deteriorate .	all speakers with a foam surround needs a refoam at some time as the foam rings dry out and deteriorate .
having two daughters , 9 and 11 years of age , i have more and more come to see the emotions of love as the most important source of my writing .	having two daughters , 9 and 11 years of age , i has more and more come to see the emotions of love as the most important source of my writing .
therefore , because the individuals in the team are definitely notable ( and neither have particularly a long article ) , i suggest merging the information into both articles with a redirect to either of them .	therefore , because the individuals in the team is definitely notable ( and neither have particularly a long article ) , i suggest merging the information into both articles with a redirect to either of them .
all pertinent links on page are red .	all pertinent links on page is red .
this term is borrowed from cancer research stating that both copies of the gene present in the genome have to be `` silenced '' before cancer manifests itself ( in knudson 's case the silenced gene was rb1 ) .	this term is borrowed from cancer research stating that both copies of the gene present in the genome has to be `` silenced '' before cancer manifests itself ( in knudson 's case the silenced gene was rb1 ) .
the exchange of ideas between different generations and occupational groups represents the main concern of this alignment .	the exchange of ideas between different generations and occupational groups represent the main concern of this alignment .
components of the life support system are life-critical , and are designed and constructed using safety engineering techniques .	components of the life support system is life-critical , and are designed and constructed using safety engineering techniques .
let it be redirect until more information such has previews and interviews comes by .	let it be redirect until more information such has previews and interviews come by .
decrease in potential yields is likely to be caused by shortening of the growing period , decrease in water availability and poor vernalization .	decrease in potential yields are likely to be caused by shortening of the growing period , decrease in water availability and poor vernalization .
traditional monastic vows of celibacy , poverty , and obedience are not normally taken , as with members of traditional monastic orders , such as the benedictines , cistercians , carthusians , and basilians .	traditional monastic vows of celibacy , poverty , and obedience is not normally taken , as with members of traditional monastic orders , such as the benedictines , cistercians , carthusians , and basilians .
the martial arts depicted in this series are also highly exaggerated .	the martial arts depicted in this series is also highly exaggerated .
many data formats , such as the fits image file format , still use card images as basic building blocks -- even though punched cards are now mostly obsolete .	many data formats , such as the fits image file format , still uses card images as basic building blocks -- even though punched cards are now mostly obsolete .
for example , individuals suffering a severe loss such as the death of a spouse are often in need of help and assistance from others .	for example , individuals suffering a severe loss such as the death of a spouse is often in need of help and assistance from others .
newton 's laws state that in order for air to be thrown in one direction , the ball has to move in the other direction .	newton 's laws state that in order for air to be thrown in one direction , the ball have to move in the other direction .
noises outside the house make a witch-hunt known , and thomas repeatedly reminds everyone that he is there to be hanged , and asks why does n't anyone do anything about it .	noises outside the house makes a witch-hunt known , and thomas repeatedly reminds everyone that he is there to be hanged , and asks why does n't anyone do anything about it .
the subject linking these varied facts is that they are common misconceptions , i .	the subject linking these varied facts are that they are common misconceptions , i .
his writings on anthropological theory are outstanding .	his writings on anthropological theory is outstanding .
historical analogues to the current break point are the shift from wood to coal with the industrial revolution and from coal to oil during the world war i .	historical analogues to the current break point is the shift from wood to coal with the industrial revolution and from coal to oil during the world war i .
the next leading contingent is probably from the uk .	the next leading contingent are probably from the uk .
that is the only item that is relevant to this discussion , as it also directly results in the russian position that the current baltic republics are not continuous with the pre-wwii republics -- while the baltic republics and rest of the world regard that they are continuous .	that is the only item that is relevant to this discussion , as it also directly results in the russian position that the current baltic republics are not continuous with the pre-wwii republics -- while the baltic republics and rest of the world regard that they is continuous .
keep - the subject is definitely notable , although the article is poorly sourced .	keep - the subject are definitely notable , although the article is poorly sourced .
the cross section actually shows the juiciness and texture of the fruit , as well as , crucially , the pith .	the cross section actually show the juiciness and texture of the fruit , as well as , crucially , the pith .
in the non-pejorative sense , a conspiracy theory is defined as a theory which involves two or more people plotting to break the law , and the connotations of the term conspiracy theory usually suggest a government coverup .	in the non-pejorative sense , a conspiracy theory is defined as a theory which involves two or more people plotting to break the law , and the connotations of the term conspiracy theory usually suggests a government coverup .
the first results for the name are `` goarmysports .	the first results for the name is `` goarmysports .
the proper place for such things is nazi propaganda article .	the proper place for such things are nazi propaganda article .
nymphs are provisioned with nettle seeds , and the ratio of trophic eggs to viable ones is higher when seeds are less well-developed or in lower quantities , indicating that they are filling the deficit of the alternate food source .	nymphs are provisioned with nettle seeds , and the ratio of trophic eggs to viable ones are higher when seeds are less well-developed or in lower quantities , indicating that they are filling the deficit of the alternate food source .
support deaths at a sporting event are rare .	support deaths at a sporting event is rare .
external sources of shaft voltage include other coupled machines , and electrostatic charging due to rubber belts rubbing on drive pulleys .	external sources of shaft voltage includes other coupled machines , and electrostatic charging due to rubber belts rubbing on drive pulleys .
on the one hand , one document indicates it was the result of his outrage over the death of a sister-in-law who apparently was killed under the euthanasia program directed at the mentally ill , action t4 .	on the one hand , one document indicate it was the result of his outrage over the death of a sister-in-law who apparently was killed under the euthanasia program directed at the mentally ill , action t4 .
his compositions for clarinet duet and trio are some of the most worthwhile written for the medium .	his compositions for clarinet duet and trio is some of the most worthwhile written for the medium .
the collection of data about states and localities continues , largely through national and international statistical services .	the collection of data about states and localities continue , largely through national and international statistical services .
tests for normal pituitary gland hormone production tend to be expensive and in some cases difficult to administer .	tests for normal pituitary gland hormone production tends to be expensive and in some cases difficult to administer .
strong verbs form their past tenses by ablaut .	strong verbs forms their past tenses by ablaut .
the most widely used free software license is the gnu general public license .	the most widely used free software license are the gnu general public license .
this store is the first market district in ohio ; it is part of the kingsdale shopping center redevelopment project in the columbus metro area .	this store are the first market district in ohio ; it is part of the kingsdale shopping center redevelopment project in the columbus metro area .
all parts of a setup process are handled by listaller 's built-in routines , which make it possible for distributors to modify the setup process of 3rd-party applications to comply to their own policy , if necessary .	all parts of a setup process is handled by listaller 's built-in routines , which make it possible for distributors to modify the setup process of 3rd-party applications to comply to their own policy , if necessary .
avc , transmission bandwidth savings of interlaced video over fully progressive video are minimal even when using twice the frame rate , i .	avc , transmission bandwidth savings of interlaced video over fully progressive video is minimal even when using twice the frame rate , i .
constables are the only peace officers permitted at the polls on election day .	constables is the only peace officers permitted at the polls on election day .
other works in classical music for the instrument include `` ancient voices of children '' by george crumb and a number of pieces by mauricio kagel .	other works in classical music for the instrument includes `` ancient voices of children '' by george crumb and a number of pieces by mauricio kagel .
other settlements in the municipality include the villages of bjørnevatn , bugøynes , elvenes , grense jakobselv , hesseng , jakobsnes , neiden , and sandnes .	other settlements in the municipality includes the villages of bjørnevatn , bugøynes , elvenes , grense jakobselv , hesseng , jakobsnes , neiden , and sandnes .
the team 's current rivals in the northeast region are redline and e-men , from harvard university and tufts university , respectively .	the team 's current rivals in the northeast region is redline and e-men , from harvard university and tufts university , respectively .
the truth is that the most influential women in history are , to use your list , alexander the great 's mom , julius caesar 's mom , napoleon 's mom , etc .	the truth is that the most influential women in history is , to use your list , alexander the great 's mom , julius caesar 's mom , napoleon 's mom , etc .
all members of this genus are live-bearing , sandswimmers with fused eyelids .	all members of this genus is live-bearing , sandswimmers with fused eyelids .
the reasons for this controversy are fairly plain .	the reasons for this controversy is fairly plain .
the 10 polish złotych note is the lowest value złoty banknote and has been used since the redenomination of the złoty in 1995 .	the 10 polish złotych note are the lowest value złoty banknote and has been used since the redenomination of the złoty in 1995 .
woods with a low ratio of tangential to radial shrinkage , such as teak and mahogany , are less prone to distortion due to changes in moisture content than woods with a high ratio , such as eastern white pine and certain species of oak .	woods with a low ratio of tangential to radial shrinkage , such as teak and mahogany , is less prone to distortion due to changes in moisture content than woods with a high ratio , such as eastern white pine and certain species of oak .
the characters who pass through the precinct over the course of the day include a young petty embezzler , a pair of burglars , and a naive shoplifter .	the characters who pass through the precinct over the course of the day includes a young petty embezzler , a pair of burglars , and a naive shoplifter .
when returning to the red queen 's chamber , kaplan points out that the four bodies of the group 's dead crew from the glass hallway trap sequence are gone .	when returning to the red queen 's chamber , kaplan points out that the four bodies of the group 's dead crew from the glass hallway trap sequence is gone .
this album is currently out of print , and only had limited release on compact disc ; copies on-line fetch relatively high prices for a single disc as of june 2006 .	this album are currently out of print , and only had limited release on compact disc ; copies on-line fetch relatively high prices for a single disc as of june 2006 .
tasks that fall within the paradigm of unsupervised learning are in general estimation problems ; the applications include clustering , the estimation of statistical distributions , compression and filtering .	tasks that fall within the paradigm of unsupervised learning is in general estimation problems ; the applications include clustering , the estimation of statistical distributions , compression and filtering .
her approach in other areas is also unusual .	her approach in other areas are also unusual .
the most famous historical style of camel cigarettes is the soft pack of the regular , unfiltered variety ( generally known as camel straights or regulars ) .	the most famous historical style of camel cigarettes are the soft pack of the regular , unfiltered variety ( generally known as camel straights or regulars ) .
natural resources like wood , ore , and stone are important to fortress life , as are geographic features like cliffs , gorges , waterfalls , ponds , lakes , beaches , oceans , and especially rivers .	natural resources like wood , ore , and stone is important to fortress life , as are geographic features like cliffs , gorges , waterfalls , ponds , lakes , beaches , oceans , and especially rivers .
nuclear reactor response properties such as temperature coefficient of reactivity and void coefficient of reactivity usually refer to the thermodynamic and phase-change response of the neutron moderator heat transfer process respectively .	nuclear reactor response properties such as temperature coefficient of reactivity and void coefficient of reactivity usually refers to the thermodynamic and phase-change response of the neutron moderator heat transfer process respectively .
on leaf tissue , symptoms of blight are the initial appearance of lesions which rapidly engulf surrounding tissue .	on leaf tissue , symptoms of blight is the initial appearance of lesions which rapidly engulf surrounding tissue .
precedent has shown that malls of this size and regional scope are notable .	precedent has shown that malls of this size and regional scope is notable .
landmarks in this area include windsor mill middle school and rutherford business park .	landmarks in this area includes windsor mill middle school and rutherford business park .
women also compete in three weight categories against 10 for men .	women also competes in three weight categories against 10 for men .
the rooms of the basement kitchen complex are also of special interest , having been built in the 1880s and then abandoned in 1938 following the installation of a modern kitchen on the ground floor .	the rooms of the basement kitchen complex is also of special interest , having been built in the 1880s and then abandoned in 1938 following the installation of a modern kitchen on the ground floor .
accusations of aspiration to a presidency are one of the most severe and rare criticisms a thai politician can receive .	accusations of aspiration to a presidency is one of the most severe and rare criticisms a thai politician can receive .
comparisons between wealth and poverty are not 'a case of apples and oranges ' ; they are comparisons between human beings , some of whom are very poor , and others of whom could help them .	comparisons between wealth and poverty is not 'a case of apples and oranges ' ; they are comparisons between human beings , some of whom are very poor , and others of whom could help them .
indie wire as acceptable , reliable , and independent , and will doubtless conclude that evidence of multiple available independent sources shows the topic as easily meeting the gng .	indie wire as acceptable , reliable , and independent , and will doubtless conclude that evidence of multiple available independent sources show the topic as easily meeting the gng .
services provided beyond food , clothing , and shelter include spiritual and intellectual education .	services provided beyond food , clothing , and shelter includes spiritual and intellectual education .
towns located on the river in this area include redesdale located just above eppalock and axedale , located just below eppalock , where the mcivor highway crosses the river .	towns located on the river in this area includes redesdale located just above eppalock and axedale , located just below eppalock , where the mcivor highway crosses the river .
notable features of the school 's curriculum include a compulsory modern foreign language ( primarily german or french ) and optional triple science at gcse level .	notable features of the school 's curriculum includes a compulsory modern foreign language ( primarily german or french ) and optional triple science at gcse level .
although south park contains some of the same geologic formations that yield oil and gas in the denver basin further east , efforts to find commercial oil and gas in south park have so far proven unsuccessful .	although south park contains some of the same geologic formations that yield oil and gas in the denver basin further east , efforts to find commercial oil and gas in south park has so far proven unsuccessful .
in this area , the route passes a mix of farms , woods , and residential subdivisions , turning north and running through the community of riegel ridge .	in this area , the route pass a mix of farms , woods , and residential subdivisions , turning north and running through the community of riegel ridge .
however , these two edits to his talk page ( 1 and 2 ) are highly racist and uncivilized .	however , these two edits to his talk page ( 1 and 2 ) is highly racist and uncivilized .
patients with a family history of colon cancer are often first screened during their teenage years .	patients with a family history of colon cancer is often first screened during their teenage years .
you are saying that , if tea party protests had a statement that `` the protests which label themselves as tea party have `` swept the country '' without significant national organization .	you are saying that , if tea party protests had a statement that `` the protests which label themselves as tea party has `` swept the country '' without significant national organization .
prices of real estate inside the ring road are considerably higher than other parts of town .	prices of real estate inside the ring road is considerably higher than other parts of town .
the book is the culmination of a life long study of the faustian roots of western culture .	the book are the culmination of a life long study of the faustian roots of western culture .
there are plenty of references to prove that the museum exists , even though it seems to have altered its name a few times .	there are plenty of references to prove that the museum exist , even though it seems to have altered its name a few times .
the neural spines , which project from the top of the vertebrae , are 5 to 7 times the height of the body of their respective vertebrae in the back , which would have given it a tall back in profile .	the neural spines , which project from the top of the vertebrae , is 5 to 7 times the height of the body of their respective vertebrae in the back , which would have given it a tall back in profile .
both the current church building and the preceding basement church were actually built at street level due to the solid rock plateau on which the church property , and several nearby blocks houses to the south , west and north , sit .	both the current church building and the preceding basement church were actually built at street level due to the solid rock plateau on which the church property , and several nearby blocks houses to the south , west and north , sits .
the only source offered among these edits is an article that supposedly appeared in arena three magazine in june 2009 .	the only source offered among these edits are an article that supposedly appeared in arena three magazine in june 2009 .
new approaches of long-term monitoring of oxygen regime in the ocean observe online the behavior of fish and zooplankton , which changes drastically under reduced oxygen saturations ( ecoscope ) and already at very low levels of water pollution .	new approaches of long-term monitoring of oxygen regime in the ocean observes online the behavior of fish and zooplankton , which changes drastically under reduced oxygen saturations ( ecoscope ) and already at very low levels of water pollution .
i think the drosophila article is an good example of how it can be solved .	i think the drosophila article are an good example of how it can be solved .
the 1891 madras census report describes anuppans as `` a small caste of canarese farmers chiefly found in the districts of madura , tinnevely and coimbatore .	the 1891 madras census report describe anuppans as `` a small caste of canarese farmers chiefly found in the districts of madura , tinnevely and coimbatore .
these image copyright tags , intended for use by a single user , are redundant to .	these image copyright tags , intended for use by a single user , is redundant to .
the few rare cases found in the developed world are almost entirely found in small children as a result of fad diets , or ignorance of the nutritional needs of children , particularly in cases of milk allergy .	the few rare cases found in the developed world is almost entirely found in small children as a result of fad diets , or ignorance of the nutritional needs of children , particularly in cases of milk allergy .
merge if there is anything worth moving over , probably not .	merge if there are anything worth moving over , probably not .
yaw ( oscillations ) , begun at the time of missile detonation , continue decreasingly until the end of the minute 44 second portion of the tape .	yaw ( oscillations ) , begun at the time of missile detonation , continues decreasingly until the end of the minute 44 second portion of the tape .
actions of the arbitration committee taken outside their scope as defined above have no authority .	actions of the arbitration committee taken outside their scope as defined above has no authority .
roads in the area are very poorly maintained and are only wide enough for one vehicle .	roads in the area is very poorly maintained and are only wide enough for one vehicle .
forests of pine and oak dominate the higher mountain areas .	forests of pine and oak dominates the higher mountain areas .
the limited survey in areas heavily used by people suggests it is rather well able to persist at general levels of threat .	the limited survey in areas heavily used by people suggest it is rather well able to persist at general levels of threat .
also , there is no discussion in the article about whether the classification of humans into black , white , yellow and red races is legitimate and if they were , how representative samples could be found among the american population .	also , there is no discussion in the article about whether the classification of humans into black , white , yellow and red races are legitimate and if they were , how representative samples could be found among the american population .
in europe , power strips without surge suppression are normally single row , but models with surge suppression are supplied both in single and double row configurations .	in europe , power strips without surge suppression is normally single row , but models with surge suppression are supplied both in single and double row configurations .
the charge for ads in these two categories is 50 singapore cents a day , with a minimum duration of 14 days .	the charge for ads in these two categories are 50 singapore cents a day , with a minimum duration of 14 days .
students who do not pass the exam on their first try have two opportunities to retake it during their senior ( and final ) year .	students who do not pass the exam on their first try has two opportunities to retake it during their senior ( and final ) year .
in newfoundland the appearance of eggs occurs later , between may 9 and june 11 .	in newfoundland the appearance of eggs occur later , between may 9 and june 11 .
critics of the right of return argue that it is the failure of arab states to fulfill this promise ( with the exception of jordan ) which keeps the palestinian refugees in their current limbo , not israeli policy .	critics of the right of return argues that it is the failure of arab states to fulfill this promise ( with the exception of jordan ) which keeps the palestinian refugees in their current limbo , not israeli policy .
wikimedia foundation project and uses a different license .	wikimedia foundation project and use a different license .
a third group which sees both similarities and differences , and which looks to south african history for guidance in bringing resolution to the conflict between israel and the palestinians .	a third group which sees both similarities and differences , and which look to south african history for guidance in bringing resolution to the conflict between israel and the palestinians .
the claims for notability in the article are all very nebulous .	the claims for notability in the article is all very nebulous .
beyond this , the growth is exponential ; speeds much higher than the exhaust velocity require very high ratios of fuel mass to payload and structural mass .	beyond this , the growth is exponential ; speeds much higher than the exhaust velocity requires very high ratios of fuel mass to payload and structural mass .
though roses are available in many colors from red to pink to white to yellow , all with their own special meanings , the underlying message the flowers convey is that of love and passion .	though roses are available in many colors from red to pink to white to yellow , all with their own special meanings , the underlying message the flowers convey are that of love and passion .
apart from athletics , games like hockey , netball , basketball , throw ball , volleyball , table tennis , rounders , badminton , gymnastics and crockers are played in the evening under the supervision of the staff and a trained p .	apart from athletics , games like hockey , netball , basketball , throws ball , volleyball , table tennis , rounders , badminton , gymnastics and crockers are played in the evening under the supervision of the staff and a trained p .
crustal movements ( such as continental drift ) or polar cap melting are slow secular events .	crustal movements ( such as continental drift ) or polar cap melting is slow secular events .
the pictures and the commentary are valuable resources for analysts and academicians interested in art history , culture , and symbolism .	the pictures and the commentary is valuable resources for analysts and academicians interested in art history , culture , and symbolism .
this includes on the flowers estate development ( the road names are flower names , with one for each letter of the alphabet ) which benefits from a very big playing field .	this includes on the flowers estate development ( the road names is flower names , with one for each letter of the alphabet ) which benefits from a very big playing field .
fact is no admin who is involved in a dispute should ever place restrictions considering they were bias to one side ( your block is proof of that ) , admins who are not part of the dispute can place restrictions .	fact is no admin who is involved in a dispute should ever place restrictions considering they were bias to one side ( your block are proof of that ) , admins who are not part of the dispute can place restrictions .
no one knows the precise date of its foundation and named after the illustrious son of jose maria rojas garrido sector .	no one know the precise date of its foundation and named after the illustrious son of jose maria rojas garrido sector .
other countries considered for the expansion of the league include poland and austria .	other countries considered for the expansion of the league includes poland and austria .
as snow mold remains dormant during summer months when other forms of disease fungi are most active , steps to prevent snow mold infestations must be taken near the end of the summer months .	as snow mold remains dormant during summer months when other forms of disease fungi is most active , steps to prevent snow mold infestations must be taken near the end of the summer months .
the story follows a teenager named ellie , who learns that she is actually the reincarnation of a powerful warrior , tasked with aiding angels in their battles against demons on earth .	the story follow a teenager named ellie , who learns that she is actually the reincarnation of a powerful warrior , tasked with aiding angels in their battles against demons on earth .
a comparison of the names of council officers between 1968 and 1972 shows almost complete replacement , with most change occurring between 1969 and 1970 .	a comparison of the names of council officers between 1968 and 1972 show almost complete replacement , with most change occurring between 1969 and 1970 .
the categories of substance and procedure are distinct .	the categories of substance and procedure is distinct .
list of prime numbers is from early 2004 where it was only one huge list of prime numbers with no types .	list of prime numbers are from early 2004 where it was only one huge list of prime numbers with no types .
in the social sector , schemes that require coordination and synthesis like rural health , drinking water , rural energy needs , literacy and environment protection have yet to be subjected to coordinated policy formulation .	in the social sector , schemes that require coordination and synthesis like rural health , drinking water , rural energy needs , literacy and environment protection has yet to be subjected to coordinated policy formulation .
the warhammer 40k sources mention dead cities upon the quarantine planet of proxima trantor .	the warhammer 40k sources mentions dead cities upon the quarantine planet of proxima trantor .
however more pupils go to nearby glenalmond college than any other senior school .	however more pupils goes to nearby glenalmond college than any other senior school .
nuptial agreements , whether executed before or after the marriage , are enforceable in colorado and a nuptial agreement will be upheld unless the person attacking it proves fraud , concealment , or failure to disclose material information .	nuptial agreements , whether executed before or after the marriage , is enforceable in colorado and a nuptial agreement will be upheld unless the person attacking it proves fraud , concealment , or failure to disclose material information .
the trace of linguistic links is evidence in similar words shared between malagasy language and indonesian malay language .	the trace of linguistic links are evidence in similar words shared between malagasy language and indonesian malay language .
thanks for your work on this article , here are some more suggestions for improvement .	thanks for your work on this article , here is some more suggestions for improvement .
receipts given for payment of fare are `` proof-of-payment '' that must be shown to fare enforcement upon request .	receipts given for payment of fare is `` proof-of-payment '' that must be shown to fare enforcement upon request .
buses operate via the bronx zoo when the zoo is open .	buses operates via the bronx zoo when the zoo is open .
the remnants of this buffalo herd are still in house rock and occasionally wander up on top of the kaibab to the grand canyon .	the remnants of this buffalo herd is still in house rock and occasionally wander up on top of the kaibab to the grand canyon .
the last two sentences of the article on the web page to which i linked are important .	the last two sentences of the article on the web page to which i linked is important .
the hills and associated oil field are between interstate 5 to the east and state route 33 to the west , both of which parallel the field ; interstate 5 runs about four miles ( 6 km ) away and route 33 about seven .	the hills and associated oil field is between interstate 5 to the east and state route 33 to the west , both of which parallel the field ; interstate 5 runs about four miles ( 6 km ) away and route 33 about seven .
wellard 's owners for the majority of his duration in the soap are robbie jackson ( dean gaffney ) and gus smith ( mohammed george ) .	wellard 's owners for the majority of his duration in the soap is robbie jackson ( dean gaffney ) and gus smith ( mohammed george ) .
for some genes the phenotypic consequences of a decrease in gene dosage are noticeable but not catastrophic .	for some genes the phenotypic consequences of a decrease in gene dosage is noticeable but not catastrophic .
topical application of nucleic acids offers many potential therapeutic advantages for suppressing genes in the skin , and potentially for systemic gene delivery .	topical application of nucleic acids offer many potential therapeutic advantages for suppressing genes in the skin , and potentially for systemic gene delivery .
featured article criteria of concern mentioned in the review section include references , mos compliance and prose .	featured article criteria of concern mentioned in the review section includes references , mos compliance and prose .
comments on style , substance , or anything in between are welcome and appreciated !	comments on style , substance , or anything in between is welcome and appreciated !
each cone has numerous spirally arranged scales , with two seeds on each fertile scale ; the scales at the base and tip of the cone are small and sterile , without seeds .	each cone has numerous spirally arranged scales , with two seeds on each fertile scale ; the scales at the base and tip of the cone is small and sterile , without seeds .
while the king is exhausted with having such a cross daughter who is unhappy with the repetition of life in the palace , the princess 's mother seeks to resolve her daughter 's unhappiness by finding her a playfellow to cheer the princess up .	while the king is exhausted with having such a cross daughter who is unhappy with the repetition of life in the palace , the princess 's mother seek to resolve her daughter 's unhappiness by finding her a playfellow to cheer the princess up .
most parts of the route are single carriageway with a few short tracts of dual carriageway .	most parts of the route is single carriageway with a few short tracts of dual carriageway .
markets with a low exit barrier are stable and self-regulated , so the profit margins do not fluctuate much over time .	markets with a low exit barrier is stable and self-regulated , so the profit margins do not fluctuate much over time .
news articles that report on the matter , such as the science magazine news blog , are best for sourcing facts in the article .	news articles that report on the matter , such as the science magazine news blog , is best for sourcing facts in the article .
many scripting languages for text processing also exist ; common ones are perl , python , unix shell scripting , and applescript .	many scripting languages for text processing also exists ; common ones are perl , python , unix shell scripting , and applescript .
if the content is so good that we must have it , unban the editor .	if the content are so good that we must have it , unban the editor .
the ponds from the waste water facility attract many of the birds that inhabit the gardens .	the ponds from the waste water facility attracts many of the birds that inhabit the gardens .
nonetheless , only the limitations of an underlying knowledge base affect the ease with which inferences may ultimately be made ( once the appropriate kr has been found ) .	nonetheless , only the limitations of an underlying knowledge base affects the ease with which inferences may ultimately be made ( once the appropriate kr has been found ) .
six caves of this system are open to public .	six caves of this system is open to public .
the changes of brain function related with happiness are as follows .	the changes of brain function related with happiness is as follows .
each room has lampshades , comforters , curtains , and posters themed after sleepy bear .	each room have lampshades , comforters , curtains , and posters themed after sleepy bear .
a great soldier loses his reputation completely if he loses just one battle .	a great soldier lose his reputation completely if he loses just one battle .
guests on this program include various mexican political figures , such as andrés manuel lópez obrador and roberto madrazo pintado .	guests on this program includes various mexican political figures , such as andrés manuel lópez obrador and roberto madrazo pintado .
in business , a bear hug is an unsolicited takeover bid which is so generous that the shareholders of the target company are very unlikely to refuse .	in business , a bear hug is an unsolicited takeover bid which is so generous that the shareholders of the target company is very unlikely to refuse .
not all class struggle is a threat to capitalism , or even to the authority of an individual capitalist .	not all class struggle are a threat to capitalism , or even to the authority of an individual capitalist .
plant requirements for sulfur are equal to or exceed those for phosphorus .	plant requirements for sulfur is equal to or exceed those for phosphorus .
standard back-and-forth arguments on the talk page of the article in question are not , in my view , adequate evidence of trying and failing to resolve an issue prior to filing an rfc .	standard back-and-forth arguments on the talk page of the article in question is not , in my view , adequate evidence of trying and failing to resolve an issue prior to filing an rfc .
the results of the straw poll are a useful tool in gauging support for one side or another , and are nothing more than that .	the results of the straw poll is a useful tool in gauging support for one side or another , and are nothing more than that .
if you own 1000 shares of company x , and there are 1 , 000 , 000 shares of company x in the world , you are a 0 .	if you own 1000 shares of company x , and there are 1 , 000 , 000 shares of company x in the world , you is a 0 .
the inner thighs and the underside of the tail are white .	the inner thighs and the underside of the tail is white .
the fertile ( reproductive ) branches of this lichen are more or less flattened , and often grooved .	the fertile ( reproductive ) branches of this lichen is more or less flattened , and often grooved .
any revisions to the software are a long way down the road and it is extremely unlikely to be available as of december 1 .	any revisions to the software is a long way down the road and it is extremely unlikely to be available as of december 1 .
alia , addressing the eighth plenum of the central committee , signals that radical changes to the economic system are necessary .	alia , addressing the eighth plenum of the central committee , signals that radical changes to the economic system is necessary .
the nearest city is three rivers .	the nearest city are three rivers .
uta civil citations , such as fare evasion , are not criminal and are reviewed and administered by a uta civil administrator .	uta civil citations , such as fare evasion , is not criminal and are reviewed and administered by a uta civil administrator .
all sources are to the website .	all sources is to the website .
wildfires are extremely detrimental for species inhabiting the landscape ; they destroy habitats and it takes many years to restore the land to how it previously was .	wildfires is extremely detrimental for species inhabiting the landscape ; they destroy habitats and it takes many years to restore the land to how it previously was .
but the ideal model that the composers took for their verses appears to have been the golden line .	but the ideal model that the composers took for their verses appear to have been the golden line .
clearly the resulting mitochondrial mutations and increased rate of protein turnover probably are n't good for you , but that does n't rule out that something else ruins your cells long before that extra damage matters .	clearly the resulting mitochondrial mutations and increased rate of protein turnover probably is n't good for you , but that does n't rule out that something else ruins your cells long before that extra damage matters .
comment - this is kind of a separate , albeit related issue , but some of those destination lists have only 10-15 cities on them .	comment - this are kind of a separate , albeit related issue , but some of those destination lists have only 10-15 cities on them .
the most widely encountered probability distribution is called the normal distribution ; it has the property that all measures of its central tendency , including not just the mean but also the aforementioned median and the mode , are equal to each other .	the most widely encountered probability distribution is called the normal distribution ; it has the property that all measures of its central tendency , including not just the mean but also the aforementioned median and the mode , is equal to each other .
a string of crazy frog merchandise was released in the uk , the german production company the league of good people is in talks with broadcasters about a tv series based on crazy frog .	a string of crazy frog merchandise was released in the uk , the german production company the league of good people are in talks with broadcasters about a tv series based on crazy frog .
the occupation of the most of the people in both the villages is cultivation .	the occupation of the most of the people in both the villages are cultivation .
in any case , i find using ambox a very bad idea ; the particular series of templates is associated with problems in articles , and the nature of these messages is mostly of temporary issues concerning pages in the mainspace .	in any case , i find using ambox a very bad idea ; the particular series of templates is associated with problems in articles , and the nature of these messages are mostly of temporary issues concerning pages in the mainspace .
comment now that you mention it , list of important publications in mathematics looks much more interesting than the one about computational geometry .	comment now that you mention it , list of important publications in mathematics look much more interesting than the one about computational geometry .
other donors in the water and sanitation sector include austria , canada , the european commission , france , ireland , italy , japan and the uk .	other donors in the water and sanitation sector includes austria , canada , the european commission , france , ireland , italy , japan and the uk .
as trev rambles on about one of his views on football , images related to the word or subject he 's on at that moment appear on the tv ( e .	as trev rambles on about one of his views on football , images related to the word or subject he 's on at that moment appears on the tv ( e .
the largest natural gas fields in the basin are the shtokman field ( shtokmanovskoye or stokmanovskaya ) and the ludlovskoye ( ludlovskaya ) field .	the largest natural gas fields in the basin is the shtokman field ( shtokmanovskoye or stokmanovskaya ) and the ludlovskoye ( ludlovskaya ) field .
twelve buildings from the early 19th century and twenty from the mid-19th century are within the district .	twelve buildings from the early 19th century and twenty from the mid-19th century is within the district .
the company conducts customer and employee satisfaction surveys , market research , and political research related to organizational behavior .	the company conduct customer and employee satisfaction surveys , market research , and political research related to organizational behavior .
when the breech block contacts the locking shoulder , it stops , locking the breech in place .	when the breech block contact the locking shoulder , it stops , locking the breech in place .
working holidays in asia are more likely to occur shortly after graduation , and many agencies specifically target graduates for these trips .	working holidays in asia are more likely to occur shortly after graduation , and many agencies specifically targets graduates for these trips .
suddenly , the floor beneath the elves gives way and the train free-falls one story before exiting the indoor portion and going through more twists and turns before going back to the station .	suddenly , the floor beneath the elves give way and the train free-falls one story before exiting the indoor portion and going through more twists and turns before going back to the station .
over recent years , a common criticism from games reviewers is of the perceived lack of progress in terms of the game 's functionality , with the obvious change between versions tending to be limited the updated players and statistics .	over recent years , a common criticism from games reviewers are of the perceived lack of progress in terms of the game 's functionality , with the obvious change between versions tending to be limited the updated players and statistics .
other features of the regular season schedule are the hall of fame game in hamilton and the thanksgiving day classic , the doubleheader held on thanksgiving where the match ups usually do not feature traditional rivalries .	other features of the regular season schedule is the hall of fame game in hamilton and the thanksgiving day classic , the doubleheader held on thanksgiving where the match ups usually do not feature traditional rivalries .
the coastal areas and hinterland , however , are rich and fertile .	the coastal areas and hinterland , however , is rich and fertile .
some inconsistencies exist between the two sources .	some inconsistencies exists between the two sources .
excessive rules and bureaucracy with no functional benefit are the treats for trolls and ruleslawyers , who will seek to avoid bans because procedures like this were not followed .	excessive rules and bureaucracy with no functional benefit is the treats for trolls and ruleslawyers , who will seek to avoid bans because procedures like this were not followed .
the play one is several paragraphs long , not several sentences .	the play one are several paragraphs long , not several sentences .
similar effects of group polarization are evident in the u .	similar effects of group polarization is evident in the u .
the views from the summit are spectacular .	the views from the summit is spectacular .
support seems like a knowledgeable user who understands policy .	support seem like a knowledgeable user who understands policy .
conservative judaism retains the traditional doctrines regarding angels and includes references to them in the liturgy , although a literal belief in angels is by no means universal among adherents .	conservative judaism retains the traditional doctrines regarding angels and includes references to them in the liturgy , although a literal belief in angels are by no means universal among adherents .
he believes that his latest block is unjustified .	he believes that his latest block are unjustified .
dialects that have this smoothing usually also have the diphthong in words like `` beer '' , `` deer '' and `` fear '' which are pronounced , and in those dialects .	dialects that have this smoothing usually also has the diphthong in words like `` beer '' , `` deer '' and `` fear '' which are pronounced , and in those dialects .
changes in hair color typically occur naturally as people age , eventually turning the hair gray and then white .	changes in hair color typically occurs naturally as people age , eventually turning the hair gray and then white .
in the afternoons , local games of football give way to set-ups for outdoor cafés .	in the afternoons , local games of football gives way to set-ups for outdoor cafés .
googlepm `` notable guest attends wheaton race , '' june 13 , 2004 , daily herald .	googlepm `` notable guest attend wheaton race , '' june 13 , 2004 , daily herald .
the potential for these drugs is enormous .	the potential for these drugs are enormous .
i think the determinant answer is the best one , and both the ones you mention are inferior to it .	i think the determinant answer are the best one , and both the ones you mention are inferior to it .
copies of the guide to the church trail are available from melton tourist information centre .	copies of the guide to the church trail is available from melton tourist information centre .
the current director is steve barclay and the deputy director is linda law established in 1995 , hketo sydney is located in hong kong house , a heritage-listed building located on 80 druitt street , sydney , new south wales .	the current director are steve barclay and the deputy director is linda law established in 1995 , hketo sydney is located in hong kong house , a heritage-listed building located on 80 druitt street , sydney , new south wales .
green also notes that with globalization , the western power elites are exporting new ideas and new technologies to other cultures and societies around the world , and these societies in turn affect the way the technology is used .	green also notes that with globalization , the western power elites are exporting new ideas and new technologies to other cultures and societies around the world , and these societies in turn affects the way the technology is used .
by utilizing different threads , the writer enables the reader to get pieces of the overall plot while positioning them to identify with the characters or experience the situation as if the reader were part of or eavesdropping upon the action the writer is divulging .	by utilizing different threads , the writer enable the reader to get pieces of the overall plot while positioning them to identify with the characters or experience the situation as if the reader were part of or eavesdropping upon the action the writer is divulging .
looking at which pages link to this execrable article , i find two entirely distinct topics , both sometimes called the golden mean .	looking at which pages links to this execrable article , i find two entirely distinct topics , both sometimes called the golden mean .
these requirements for phage membrane binding are quite similar to those of the ff bacteriophage , which infects the bacterium escherichia coli and requires the f pilus along with the tolqra structure .	these requirements for phage membrane binding is quite similar to those of the ff bacteriophage , which infects the bacterium escherichia coli and requires the f pilus along with the tolqra structure .
in addition to the deputy commander for cadets , squadrons also have a leadership officer , a senior member whose job is to see to the military aspects of the cadet program , such as uniforms , customs and courtesies .	in addition to the deputy commander for cadets , squadrons also have a leadership officer , a senior member whose job are to see to the military aspects of the cadet program , such as uniforms , customs and courtesies .
all major attractions of the city are in a walking distance from icc kiev such as independence square , st .	all major attractions of the city is in a walking distance from icc kiev such as independence square , st .
the subject matter , issues of chemicals and their effects on babies and the like , belongs on other wikipedia pages -- and needs to be introduced with careful thought , integrated into other topics , and by appealing to reliable sources .	the subject matter , issues of chemicals and their effects on babies and the like , belong on other wikipedia pages -- and needs to be introduced with careful thought , integrated into other topics , and by appealing to reliable sources .
this may be because the reduced canopy in dry forests provides less shade , and also because the fossa seems to travel more easily in humid forests .	this may be because the reduced canopy in dry forests provide less shade , and also because the fossa seems to travel more easily in humid forests .
the usual way we test things is to create test pages under our own user page .	the usual way we test things are to create test pages under our own user page .
the american medical association conducted an investigation of medical peer review in 2007 and concluded that while it is easy to allege misconduct , proven cases of malicious peer review are rare .	the american medical association conducted an investigation of medical peer review in 2007 and concluded that while it is easy to allege misconduct , proven cases of malicious peer review is rare .
pathogens that evade the defense system in one organ are likely to enter the bloodstream to be transported to a different organ .	pathogens that evade the defense system in one organ is likely to enter the bloodstream to be transported to a different organ .
although kepler-12 is the least-irradiated of the four hot jupiters , its radius is just as large , suggesting that multiple mechanisms influencing the planet 's inflation are at work .	although kepler-12 is the least-irradiated of the four hot jupiters , its radius is just as large , suggesting that multiple mechanisms influencing the planet 's inflation is at work .
nouns belonging to this declension class are masculines ending in -ь preceded by a palatal in the nominative singular ( vračь , kralь , košь ) .	nouns belonging to this declension class is masculines ending in -ь preceded by a palatal in the nominative singular ( vračь , kralь , košь ) .
the changes which are taking place are unmistakable , and we have finally started opening up .	the changes which are taking place is unmistakable , and we have finally started opening up .
other sources of atmospheric charge include , evaporation of water from earth 's surface , chemical reactions which take place upon earth 's surface that release charged particles into the atmosphere , and expansion or condensation of moisture contained in the atmosphere due to variation of temperature .	other sources of atmospheric charge includes , evaporation of water from earth 's surface , chemical reactions which take place upon earth 's surface that release charged particles into the atmosphere , and expansion or condensation of moisture contained in the atmosphere due to variation of temperature .
the next step is to hire one of the boats going out to the reserve 's main attractions , isla damas , isla choros and isla chañaral .	the next step are to hire one of the boats going out to the reserve 's main attractions , isla damas , isla choros and isla chañaral .
the headrace tunnel runs under the fofa mountain and at its end , it converts into a penstock with a drop .	the headrace tunnel run under the fofa mountain and at its end , it converts into a penstock with a drop .
while many species have two eyes ( e .	while many species has two eyes ( e .
the last weapons remaining on earth with the power to repel an alien attack are in the legion arsenal .	the last weapons remaining on earth with the power to repel an alien attack is in the legion arsenal .
baptismal records for that county show that a william dixson was christened in stamfordham , northumberland , in 1678 , and that parsivall and john , sons of william dixson , were baptised nearby at fenwick , near morpeth , in 1708 and 1710 .	baptismal records for that county shows that a william dixson was christened in stamfordham , northumberland , in 1678 , and that parsivall and john , sons of william dixson , were baptised nearby at fenwick , near morpeth , in 1708 and 1710 .
encyclopedias of at least one volume in size now exist for most if not all academic disciplines , including such narrow topics such as bioethics and african american history .	encyclopedias of at least one volume in size now exists for most if not all academic disciplines , including such narrow topics such as bioethics and african american history .
however , people who start rowing after their freshman year normally join the novice team as well .	however , people who start rowing after their freshman year normally joins the novice team as well .
although this is not documented , similarities in style and composition make it likely that he also trained in stucco with diego francesco carloni between 1734 and 1740 .	although this is not documented , similarities in style and composition makes it likely that he also trained in stucco with diego francesco carloni between 1734 and 1740 .
decorations of this combat unit include the republic of vietnam gallantry cross with palm , and the af outstanding unit award with combat `` v '' device .	decorations of this combat unit includes the republic of vietnam gallantry cross with palm , and the af outstanding unit award with combat `` v '' device .
the conventional remedies for breach of confidence are an accounting of profits or damages .	the conventional remedies for breach of confidence is an accounting of profits or damages .
saw mills and chainsaw dust are great sources .	saw mills and chainsaw dust is great sources .
it is important to note that most nations in the world are in some way an occupier of a previous inhabitant 's land .	it is important to note that most nations in the world is in some way an occupier of a previous inhabitant 's land .
pieces of boiled taro with coconut milk are a traditional thai dessert .	pieces of boiled taro with coconut milk is a traditional thai dessert .
the story , too , is more definite .	the story , too , are more definite .
conventional infinitary accounts of non-standard analysis also use the concept of internal sets .	conventional infinitary accounts of non-standard analysis also uses the concept of internal sets .
satisfying translation requests is mandatory and comments using profanity or insult are deletable .	satisfying translation requests is mandatory and comments using profanity or insult is deletable .
many nursing schools offering a bachelor 's degree have `` fast-track '' programs to enable practicing nurses with an associate 's degree to earn a bachelor 's degree in approximately two years .	many nursing schools offering a bachelor 's degree has `` fast-track '' programs to enable practicing nurses with an associate 's degree to earn a bachelor 's degree in approximately two years .
vanishing-dimension theory is a particle physics theory suggesting that systems with higher energy have a smaller number of dimensions .	vanishing-dimension theory is a particle physics theory suggesting that systems with higher energy has a smaller number of dimensions .
school children visiting the set of destroy all monsters during production , pose with some of the cast , monster suits and props .	school children visiting the set of destroy all monsters during production , poses with some of the cast , monster suits and props .
while this user has not another edit , the requested capitalisation change in the name would be prohibitive to self-creating .	while this user have not another edit , the requested capitalisation change in the name would be prohibitive to self-creating .
the station is on the list pegasus of 101 stations to be modernised in 2016 .	the station are on the list pegasus of 101 stations to be modernised in 2016 .
flights to this airport are usually from resolute and most of them only carry cargo with few to no passengers .	flights to this airport is usually from resolute and most of them only carry cargo with few to no passengers .
the first method 's hand seals are tiger , boar , horse , tiger .	the first method 's hand seals is tiger , boar , horse , tiger .
many vocalists , in today 's metal scene , use two or more methods of singing and vocalizing lyrics .	many vocalists , in today 's metal scene , uses two or more methods of singing and vocalizing lyrics .
if people need more , i will do so .	if people needs more , i will do so .
and i might add that flatterworld 's accusations of bullying are remarkably hypocritical .	and i might add that flatterworld 's accusations of bullying is remarkably hypocritical .
forms of locomotion on land include walking , running , hopping or jumping , and crawling or slithering .	forms of locomotion on land includes walking , running , hopping or jumping , and crawling or slithering .
other filmmakers of note include jeffrey jeturian , auraeus solito , and brillante mendoza with his 2007 filipino version of danish dogme 95 and italian cinéma vérité , tirador ( slingshot ) .	other filmmakers of note includes jeffrey jeturian , auraeus solito , and brillante mendoza with his 2007 filipino version of danish dogme 95 and italian cinéma vérité , tirador ( slingshot ) .
slope failures due to volcanic island growth are among the largest on earth , involving volumes of several cubic kilometres .	slope failures due to volcanic island growth is among the largest on earth , involving volumes of several cubic kilometres .
hydrogen-containing polar molecules like ethanol , ammonia , and water have powerful , intermolecular hydrogen bonds when in their liquid phase .	hydrogen-containing polar molecules like ethanol , ammonia , and water has powerful , intermolecular hydrogen bonds when in their liquid phase .
located at southwest macadam avenue and nebraska street , the park includes a boat dock and ramp , paved and unpaved paths , picnic areas , restrooms , a dog off-leash area , playground , soccer field , and tennis courts .	located at southwest macadam avenue and nebraska street , the park include a boat dock and ramp , paved and unpaved paths , picnic areas , restrooms , a dog off-leash area , playground , soccer field , and tennis courts .
other works of literature using the same word in the title include john dryden 's astraea redux ( 1662 ) , `` a poem on the happy restoration and return of his sacred majesty '' and anthony trollope 's phineas redux ( 1873 ) .	other works of literature using the same word in the title includes john dryden 's astraea redux ( 1662 ) , `` a poem on the happy restoration and return of his sacred majesty '' and anthony trollope 's phineas redux ( 1873 ) .
the main types of farming in the area are beef , dairy , sheep , pigs and some poultry .	the main types of farming in the area is beef , dairy , sheep , pigs and some poultry .
some tones of color in the cyan color range are teal , turquoise , electric blue and aquamarine .	some tones of color in the cyan color range is teal , turquoise , electric blue and aquamarine .
the accomplishments of his research group include the syntheses of palytoxin , mycolactones , halichondrins , saxitoxin , tetrodotoxin , ansamycins and many others .	the accomplishments of his research group includes the syntheses of palytoxin , mycolactones , halichondrins , saxitoxin , tetrodotoxin , ansamycins and many others .
in spanish , the accent mark exists because you normally place vocal emphasis on the second-to-last syllable in a polysyllabic word .	in spanish , the accent mark exist because you normally place vocal emphasis on the second-to-last syllable in a polysyllabic word .
the pitches of a musical instrument such as an organ are also subject to variation with temperature change .	the pitches of a musical instrument such as an organ is also subject to variation with temperature change .
the biggest inputs to the newsprint manufacturing process are energy , fiber and labor .	the biggest inputs to the newsprint manufacturing process is energy , fiber and labor .
both parts of this structure of the brain in the human are each about the size and shape of a walnut .	both parts of this structure of the brain in the human is each about the size and shape of a walnut .
the berman academy for humane education offers a broad range of unique and engaging programs that help people help animals .	the berman academy for humane education offers a broad range of unique and engaging programs that help people helps animals .
the triatomic molecules of water and carbon dioxide are especially reactive in attenuating infrared light-spectrum waves , which provides energy necessary in photosynthesis and ( curing ) after-ripening .	the triatomic molecules of water and carbon dioxide is especially reactive in attenuating infrared light-spectrum waves , which provides energy necessary in photosynthesis and ( curing ) after-ripening .
the village has a population of 1 , 334 .	the village have a population of 1 , 334 .
other methods of propagation that are successful but not widely used for commercial production include grafting and tissue culture .	other methods of propagation that are successful but not widely used for commercial production includes grafting and tissue culture .
the leaves are hairy , somewhat linear in shape , and one to seven centimeters long .	the leaves is hairy , somewhat linear in shape , and one to seven centimeters long .
the registrant 's ( domain owner 's ) contact details , such as address and telephone number , are easily accessible to anyone who queries a whois server .	the registrant 's ( domain owner 's ) contact details , such as address and telephone number , is easily accessible to anyone who queries a whois server .
these points of interest are nearer mukōgaoka-yūen station than noborito station .	these points of interest is nearer mukōgaoka-yūen station than noborito station .
two kingdomsthe classification of living things into animals and plants is an ancient one .	two kingdomsthe classification of living things into animals and plants are an ancient one .
the areas of focus in his current role are public health , sustainability , and the environment .	the areas of focus in his current role is public health , sustainability , and the environment .
if the system is monodisperse , the mean effective diameter of the particles can be determined .	if the system are monodisperse , the mean effective diameter of the particles can be determined .
generally , one-sided arguments are better with audiences already favorable to your message .	generally , one-sided arguments is better with audiences already favorable to your message .
opponents of the practice claim that all except those who joined of their own volition are virtually slaves in every normal sense of the word .	opponents of the practice claim that all except those who joined of their own volition is virtually slaves in every normal sense of the word .
since the subject is not a professional entetainer , how beautiful he looks on the image is not critical and an amateur image could suffice .	since the subject are not a professional entetainer , how beautiful he looks on the image is not critical and an amateur image could suffice .
in general , all algebraic closures of a field are isomorphic .	in general , all algebraic closures of a field is isomorphic .
flags and music dominate the day , and there are few military parades .	flags and music dominates the day , and there are few military parades .
the glacier drains northwest between the alamein range and the salamander range of the freyberg mountains and enters the rennick glacier westward of bowers peak , victoria land , antarctica .	the glacier drain northwest between the alamein range and the salamander range of the freyberg mountains and enters the rennick glacier westward of bowers peak , victoria land , antarctica .
reproduction for dolphins and badgers and people is a little more complicated .	reproduction for dolphins and badgers and people are a little more complicated .
the only reason those articles are published is because of you and other laymen at wikipedia , who are not open for arguments from experts when they tell you that your texts are factually incorrect .	the only reason those articles are published are because of you and other laymen at wikipedia , who are not open for arguments from experts when they tell you that your texts are factually incorrect .
for the moment it seems that her powers are to do with illusions , other than her spirit wolf bendo .	for the moment it seems that her powers is to do with illusions , other than her spirit wolf bendo .
his 2010 american economic review paper alone has two dozens citations as of now .	his 2010 american economic review paper alone have two dozens citations as of now .
a different style of pops is one that is more of a slide into the other character , it is much less abrupt .	a different style of pops are one that is more of a slide into the other character , it is much less abrupt .
removal of references from articles is generally inappropriate .	removal of references from articles are generally inappropriate .
themes of apathy , guilt , and oppression appear on the album ; one reviewer described these as the vocalist as wearing his `` wounded heart on his ragged sleeve .	themes of apathy , guilt , and oppression appears on the album ; one reviewer described these as the vocalist as wearing his `` wounded heart on his ragged sleeve .
apparently there are many other types of special editions and the article claims that in total there are two a month .	apparently there are many other types of special editions and the article claim that in total there are two a month .
its signature dish is fish and chips , though it offers a very large variety of other selections .	its signature dish are fish and chips , though it offers a very large variety of other selections .
she says that her planet has a device , the cosmo-cleaner d ( cosmo dna ) , which can cleanse earth of its radiation damage .	she says that her planet have a device , the cosmo-cleaner d ( cosmo dna ) , which can cleanse earth of its radiation damage .
matriarchal interpretations of the archaeological record and the criticism of such work continue to be matters of academic debate .	matriarchal interpretations of the archaeological record and the criticism of such work continues to be matters of academic debate .
legend has it that , as early as 1540 , the spanish explorer hernando de soto and his soldiers constructed a primitive fortification here to defend themselves from native attack .	legend have it that , as early as 1540 , the spanish explorer hernando de soto and his soldiers constructed a primitive fortification here to defend themselves from native attack .
with the help of coach bombay , and a desperately needed infusion of cash and equipment , the players learn the fundamentals of the sport .	with the help of coach bombay , and a desperately needed infusion of cash and equipment , the players learns the fundamentals of the sport .
the detachable stock is similar in appearance and design to that of the mauser c96 , and likewise , the pistol can be stored inside when not in use .	the detachable stock are similar in appearance and design to that of the mauser c96 , and likewise , the pistol can be stored inside when not in use .
the participants in an opera performance are similar to , but more specialized than those in other theatrical productions .	the participants in an opera performance is similar to , but more specialized than those in other theatrical productions .
from its lowest point , around bole international airport , at above sea level in the southern periphery , the city rises to over in the entoto mountains to the north .	from its lowest point , around bole international airport , at above sea level in the southern periphery , the city rise to over in the entoto mountains to the north .
carol d'agostino , and the current assistant principal of athletics is mr .	carol d'agostino , and the current assistant principal of athletics are mr .
people with a direct relationship to the subject of an article are not impartial .	people with a direct relationship to the subject of an article is not impartial .
yet adherents of magic are still able to use and to value the magical function of words by believing in the inherent power of the words themselves and in the meaning that they must provide for those who do understand them .	yet adherents of magic is still able to use and to value the magical function of words by believing in the inherent power of the words themselves and in the meaning that they must provide for those who do understand them .
artists that have performed at the stadium include bryan adams , the beautiful south , blue , bon jovi , the eagles , elton john and r .	artists that have performed at the stadium includes bryan adams , the beautiful south , blue , bon jovi , the eagles , elton john and r .
the issues i advocate on my web site are issues some republicans and democrats support and some do n't .	the issues i advocate on my web site is issues some republicans and democrats support and some do n't .
because dui in new jersey is a non-criminal traffic violation , state dui laws are not subject to the assimilative crimes act .	because dui in new jersey is a non-criminal traffic violation , state dui laws is not subject to the assimilative crimes act .
oppose- as others have pointed out , multiple links in an edit summary have legitimate and useful purposes .	oppose- as others have pointed out , multiple links in an edit summary has legitimate and useful purposes .
countries with an aging population prospect are also encouraging or legislating for superannuation schemes ( eg 401k ) to make more retirees self-funded .	countries with an aging population prospect is also encouraging or legislating for superannuation schemes ( eg 401k ) to make more retirees self-funded .
all the outstanding men and woman in the current world have their succeses based on luck and not acedemics .	all the outstanding men and woman in the current world has their succeses based on luck and not acedemics .
the relative phase of those two states has a value which depends on the distance from each of the two slits .	the relative phase of those two states have a value which depends on the distance from each of the two slits .
this make the article a reasonable navagation hub since the character articles all link to it .	this make the article a reasonable navagation hub since the character articles all links to it .
improvements in the performance of belief propagation algorithms are also achievable by breaking the replicas symmetry in the distributions of the fields ( messages ) .	improvements in the performance of belief propagation algorithms is also achievable by breaking the replicas symmetry in the distributions of the fields ( messages ) .
examples of the firm 's bridge work include the delaware memorial bridge , walt whitman bridge , the general belgrano bridge in argentina , the throgs neck bridge and most notably the verrazano-narrows bridge .	examples of the firm 's bridge work includes the delaware memorial bridge , walt whitman bridge , the general belgrano bridge in argentina , the throgs neck bridge and most notably the verrazano-narrows bridge .
the makers of the show and the station are not involved with the video , which features on-screen text only , referring to what the fan would have liked to have happened in the tv series .	the makers of the show and the station is not involved with the video , which features on-screen text only , referring to what the fan would have liked to have happened in the tv series .
nests are well hidden , as they are built near bushes or tall grasses or overhanging rock with concealing vegetation .	nests is well hidden , as they are built near bushes or tall grasses or overhanging rock with concealing vegetation .
jawahar lps achievements in social development and quality of life are , no doubt , inspiring and encouraging .	jawahar lps achievements in social development and quality of life is , no doubt , inspiring and encouraging .
other names for abnormal persistent fear of dirt and filth include molysmophobia or molysomophobia , rhypophobia , and rupophobia .	other names for abnormal persistent fear of dirt and filth includes molysmophobia or molysomophobia , rhypophobia , and rupophobia .
the only mechanism for you to defend your edits against multiple editors is to convince them of the merit of your edits ; you simply are not allowed to revert others more than once if they disagree .	the only mechanism for you to defend your edits against multiple editors are to convince them of the merit of your edits ; you simply are not allowed to revert others more than once if they disagree .
i would suppose that the names on the web site are the ones to use here .	i would suppose that the names on the web site is the ones to use here .
hexahydroxydiphenic acid is a component of some ellagitannins such as casuarictin .	hexahydroxydiphenic acid are a component of some ellagitannins such as casuarictin .
quotation from non-free sources may be appropriate when the exact words in the source are relevant to the article , not just the facts or ideas given by the source .	quotation from non-free sources may be appropriate when the exact words in the source is relevant to the article , not just the facts or ideas given by the source .
the album includes the singles , yokogao , doshaburi , and stay with me .	the album include the singles , yokogao , doshaburi , and stay with me .
eakins ' methods appear to be meticulously applied , and rather than shortcuts , were likely used in a quest for accuracy and realism .	eakins ' methods appears to be meticulously applied , and rather than shortcuts , were likely used in a quest for accuracy and realism .
as it is , the only people who seem to really be paying attention to that stuff are the editors who really really want to make sure we alll read about .	as it is , the only people who seem to really be paying attention to that stuff is the editors who really really want to make sure we alll read about .
also , xff headers need to be sent to us .	also , xff headers needs to be sent to us .
secret trials ( and despite the informal nature of the back and forth private list , these are indeed essentially trials ) are anathema to both an open society and an open wiki .	secret trials ( and despite the informal nature of the back and forth private list , these is indeed essentially trials ) are anathema to both an open society and an open wiki .
for cylindrical pressure vessels , the normal loads on a wall element are the longitudinal stress , the circumferential ( hoop ) stress and the radial stress .	for cylindrical pressure vessels , the normal loads on a wall element is the longitudinal stress , the circumferential ( hoop ) stress and the radial stress .
as a result , millar 's original x-men consisted of telepath professor x , cyclops , whose eyes shoot concussive beams , telepathic and telekinetic jean grey , weather-manipulating storm , simian genius beast , metal-skinned colossus , and cryokinetic iceman .	as a result , millar 's original x-men consisted of telepath professor x , cyclops , whose eyes shoots concussive beams , telepathic and telekinetic jean grey , weather-manipulating storm , simian genius beast , metal-skinned colossus , and cryokinetic iceman .
formerly called kagee during the late qing dynasty and kagi during the japanese era , its historical name is tirosen .	formerly called kagee during the late qing dynasty and kagi during the japanese era , its historical name are tirosen .
a page with descriptions of the different farms and their pros and cons is useful for readers and useful for the wiki space in general .	a page with descriptions of the different farms and their pros and cons are useful for readers and useful for the wiki space in general .
the archive of their documents and photographs remains in the care of the yorkshire archaeological society , whose silver medal they won in 1993 .	the archive of their documents and photographs remain in the care of the yorkshire archaeological society , whose silver medal they won in 1993 .
all established secondary schools with a real existence are , as i think is shown by repeated consensus here , and the sourcing , though far from the desirable , is enough to show that .	all established secondary schools with a real existence is , as i think is shown by repeated consensus here , and the sourcing , though far from the desirable , is enough to show that .
the only places that connect the vulture and the shark story are op-ed pages doing it - mostly - for giggles .	the only places that connect the vulture and the shark story is op-ed pages doing it - mostly - for giggles .
torts , including negligence ( as described above ) , intentional acts , assault , and more , are also relevant for the hospitality industry .	torts , including negligence ( as described above ) , intentional acts , assault , and more , is also relevant for the hospitality industry .
featured article criteria of concern mentioned in the review section include referencing , reference formatting , prose , mos compliance and images .	featured article criteria of concern mentioned in the review section includes referencing , reference formatting , prose , mos compliance and images .
exhibits at the historical society 's museum include artifacts related to the early days of mining and other topics .	exhibits at the historical society 's museum includes artifacts related to the early days of mining and other topics .
the first volume of years alone covers many things on the corruption checklist including election fraud , cronyism , and patronage .	the first volume of years alone cover many things on the corruption checklist including election fraud , cronyism , and patronage .
ancient variations in the spelling of the surname include bakster , baxstar , baxstair , baxstare and baxster .	ancient variations in the spelling of the surname includes bakster , baxstar , baxstair , baxstare and baxster .
the genes used in this vaccine are usually antigen coding surface proteins from the pathogenic organism .	the genes used in this vaccine is usually antigen coding surface proteins from the pathogenic organism .
according to ethnologue , their total population in all countries is 306 , 237 .	according to ethnologue , their total population in all countries are 306 , 237 .
the videos in this section of the site are similar to the screenshots in that the videos are also released by the developer for the purpose of publicity .	the videos in this section of the site is similar to the screenshots in that the videos are also released by the developer for the purpose of publicity .
improper forestry practices , mining , and road construction are all threats to the reproductive health of the species .	improper forestry practices , mining , and road construction is all threats to the reproductive health of the species .
now that the two weeks over due to , in my opinion , a premature closing , i hope that i can get a support or more comments this time .	now that the two weeks over due to , in my opinion , a premature closing , i hopes that i can get a support or more comments this time .
the school 's original name is roy w .	the school 's original name are roy w .
roads that are part of a national numbered highway system are also likely to be major trunkline routes for interregional travel and typically have sufficient historical significance .	roads that are part of a national numbered highway system is also likely to be major trunkline routes for interregional travel and typically have sufficient historical significance .
the script , while trying to humorously characterize national stereotypes succeeds only in being insulting .	the script , while trying to humorously characterize national stereotypes succeed only in being insulting .
bih 's atomic time meant that the time scale was stable and internationally synchronised , while approximating ut1 means that tasks such as navigation which require a source of universal time continue to be well served by public time broadcasts .	bih 's atomic time meant that the time scale was stable and internationally synchronised , while approximating ut1 means that tasks such as navigation which require a source of universal time continues to be well served by public time broadcasts .
they may however remain resting during this period until they receive a signal that a host is near - vibrations ( including sound ) , heat , and carbon dioxide are all stimuli indicating the probable presence of a host .	they may however remain resting during this period until they receive a signal that a host is near - vibrations ( including sound ) , heat , and carbon dioxide is all stimuli indicating the probable presence of a host .
however , a list article with only four entries looks rather bare .	however , a list article with only four entries look rather bare .
styles of art that flourished during this short period are markedly different from other egyptian art .	styles of art that flourished during this short period is markedly different from other egyptian art .
his ideals , prowess , and belief in co-operative education continue there .	his ideals , prowess , and belief in co-operative education continues there .
the thief lord , a mask-wearing teenager whose name is scipio , invites the boys to come with him to his hideout , an abandoned movie theatre called the stella .	the thief lord , a mask-wearing teenager whose name are scipio , invites the boys to come with him to his hideout , an abandoned movie theatre called the stella .
people who promote violence , racial hatred , or bigotry are not welcome in the fsp .	people who promote violence , racial hatred , or bigotry is not welcome in the fsp .
in the port town of pravoka the party defeats the pirate bikke ( accompanied by garland ) and uses his ship to travel on to elfland .	in the port town of pravoka the party defeat the pirate bikke ( accompanied by garland ) and uses his ship to travel on to elfland .
the unit uses a gas mask with a closed system ( rebreather ) .	the unit use a gas mask with a closed system ( rebreather ) .
the radio station operates on 1 .	the radio station operate on 1 .
neutral lack of answers to questions makes it difficult to assess your knowledge of the policies and guidelines that underpin the project ; less than 100 xfd discussions participated in and less than 50 user talk contributions suggests that hex requires more time to contribute before attempting another rfa .	neutral lack of answers to questions make it difficult to assess your knowledge of the policies and guidelines that underpin the project ; less than 100 xfd discussions participated in and less than 50 user talk contributions suggests that hex requires more time to contribute before attempting another rfa .
the science laboratories , bookstore and game room are also in this building .	the science laboratories , bookstore and game room is also in this building .
records kept by the post office show the original name of the settlement was `` parksiding , '' but no evidence has shown it ever operated under that name .	records kept by the post office shows the original name of the settlement was `` parksiding , '' but no evidence has shown it ever operated under that name .
the article is about a radio talk show on satellite radio .	the article are about a radio talk show on satellite radio .
in such an elliptical orbit , the only times when the mean longitude is equal to the true longitude are the times when the orbiting body passes through periapsis ( or pericenter ) and apoapsis ( or apocenter ) .	in such an elliptical orbit , the only times when the mean longitude is equal to the true longitude is the times when the orbiting body passes through periapsis ( or pericenter ) and apoapsis ( or apocenter ) .
most high-energy particles , beside displacing carbon atom from the lattice site , also pass it enough surplus energy for a rapid migration through the lattice .	most high-energy particles , beside displacing carbon atom from the lattice site , also passes it enough surplus energy for a rapid migration through the lattice .
the interval between stadia marks in most stadia instruments gives a stadia interval factor of 100 .	the interval between stadia marks in most stadia instruments give a stadia interval factor of 100 .
the number of editors disenfranchised is still smaller than those who would be harmed by pov pushers or the banning of anons .	the number of editors disenfranchised are still smaller than those who would be harmed by pov pushers or the banning of anons .
i agree , however statistics that do not come with a reference of the statistical tool used , or an explanation , are absolutely worthless .	i agree , however statistics that do not come with a reference of the statistical tool used , or an explanation , is absolutely worthless .
this action involves either copying a number from memory to temporary space or copying a number from temporary space to memory .	this action involve either copying a number from memory to temporary space or copying a number from temporary space to memory .
the site is formerly home to the steel , peech and tozer steel works ( also known as steelos ) .	the site are formerly home to the steel , peech and tozer steel works ( also known as steelos ) .
works with piano accompaniment include 10 violin sonatas , 5 cello sonatas , and a sonata for french horn , as well as numerous lieder .	works with piano accompaniment includes 10 violin sonatas , 5 cello sonatas , and a sonata for french horn , as well as numerous lieder .
recent additions to the production equipment include the magnum dolly system and the piccolo crane .	recent additions to the production equipment includes the magnum dolly system and the piccolo crane .
club development - the main aims of the club development strand are to build capacity and also to encourage a robust governance within clubs .	club development - the main aims of the club development strand is to build capacity and also to encourage a robust governance within clubs .
the most recent estimates of incidence of kidney cancer suggest that there are 63 , 300 new cases annually in the eu25 .	the most recent estimates of incidence of kidney cancer suggests that there are 63 , 300 new cases annually in the eu25 .
the company trades only in sweden , but nearly half the sales of the company 's equipment are in the united states .	the company trades only in sweden , but nearly half the sales of the company 's equipment is in the united states .
the exact circumstances of the disposal of his body are unknown ; according to zbigniew mieczkowski he could have even been fed to wild animals ( lions ) .	the exact circumstances of the disposal of his body is unknown ; according to zbigniew mieczkowski he could have even been fed to wild animals ( lions ) .
the combination of the three types of elements is ideal for the cultivation of all the different types of organisms that turn waste into soil .	the combination of the three types of elements are ideal for the cultivation of all the different types of organisms that turn waste into soil .
variations on this theme are present throughout the entire body of his work .	variations on this theme is present throughout the entire body of his work .
other inspirations for the character and the film include dr .	other inspirations for the character and the film includes dr .
the details of this person 's life are slightly implausible , and google shows 0 hits for a person by this name .	the details of this person 's life is slightly implausible , and google shows 0 hits for a person by this name .
the two collateral branches of the family that participate in the struggle are the kaurava and the pandava .	the two collateral branches of the family that participate in the struggle is the kaurava and the pandava .
services and guidance given by the association are ; i ) formation of the direction and responsibility of engineering education to national prosperity .	services and guidance given by the association is ; i ) formation of the direction and responsibility of engineering education to national prosperity .
the signs of excessive indulgence in this destructive pastime are easily detectable .	the signs of excessive indulgence in this destructive pastime is easily detectable .
the most notable examples of his straightforward portraiture are the `` marie leczinska '' at the dijon museum , and a group of the artist surrounded by his family , '' the artist surrounded by his family '' , dated 1730 .	the most notable examples of his straightforward portraiture is the `` marie leczinska '' at the dijon museum , and a group of the artist surrounded by his family , '' the artist surrounded by his family '' , dated 1730 .
weak support some minor dof problems with the rear half of the animal , but the detail and color otherwise are great .	weak support some minor dof problems with the rear half of the animal , but the detail and color otherwise is great .
the all-women wards served by an entirely female nursing and consultant staff also seem to have been popular with the public ; a petition protesting against closure was signed by 60 , 000 people , and the hospital building was occupied for nine months by protesters .	the all-women wards served by an entirely female nursing and consultant staff also seems to have been popular with the public ; a petition protesting against closure was signed by 60 , 000 people , and the hospital building was occupied for nine months by protesters .
an editor who made mistakes and improved is a laudable memeber of the community whose continued presence should be encouraged .	an editor who made mistakes and improved are a laudable memeber of the community whose continued presence should be encouraged .
lists without a verifiable definition are mere listcruft without any externally validated rationale for inclusion in wikipedia .	lists without a verifiable definition is mere listcruft without any externally validated rationale for inclusion in wikipedia .
the dimensions of the ball park are 350 ' left , 400 ' center , 335 ' right .	the dimensions of the ball park is 350 ' left , 400 ' center , 335 ' right .
although the basic task of harvesting trees is still the same , the machinery and tasks are no longer the same .	although the basic task of harvesting trees are still the same , the machinery and tasks are no longer the same .
wp guidelines without torturing the interpretation of a guideline that is already inherently subjective to the point of absurdity , i find it very difficult to see your argument as substantive .	wp guidelines without torturing the interpretation of a guideline that is already inherently subjective to the point of absurdity , i finds it very difficult to see your argument as substantive .
the only track that appears on both albums that differs is zydrate anatomy , where it is slightly longer on the deluxe edition .	the only track that appears on both albums that differs are zydrate anatomy , where it is slightly longer on the deluxe edition .
houses in the district are largely victorian and early 20th century dwellings , and include many which are large and well-preserved .	houses in the district is largely victorian and early 20th century dwellings , and include many which are large and well-preserved .
sadly , that does not seem to be the case for most mathematics articles yet , which is something to work on ( although , admittedly , the chances of the curious average reader stumbling upon an article like splitting field are not all that high ) .	sadly , that does not seem to be the case for most mathematics articles yet , which is something to work on ( although , admittedly , the chances of the curious average reader stumbling upon an article like splitting field is not all that high ) .
for example , in drilling operations where conditions of high salinity , high temperature and high pressure are present , amps copolymers can inhibit fluid loss and be used in oil field environments as scale inhibitors , friction reducers and water-control polymers , and in polymer flooding applications .	for example , in drilling operations where conditions of high salinity , high temperature and high pressure is present , amps copolymers can inhibit fluid loss and be used in oil field environments as scale inhibitors , friction reducers and water-control polymers , and in polymer flooding applications .
however , i believe this religious movement falls under not for things made up in school one day ; or at least is unverifiable .	however , i believe this religious movement fall under not for things made up in school one day ; or at least is unverifiable .
the ruins of the building near the site are that of a bone meal plant built by game warden prof .	the ruins of the building near the site is that of a bone meal plant built by game warden prof .
the written sources from the period of the construction of the gothic cathedral are few , originating from the bishops bernard gui ( 1324-1331 ) and guillaume briçonnet ( 1489-1519 ) , also bishop of meaux and spiritual director of marguerite de navarre .	the written sources from the period of the construction of the gothic cathedral is few , originating from the bishops bernard gui ( 1324-1331 ) and guillaume briçonnet ( 1489-1519 ) , also bishop of meaux and spiritual director of marguerite de navarre .
the independent car manufacture stops in győr .	the independent car manufacture stop in győr .
the result holds when considering players ' free throw records , in which things such as defensive pressure and difficulty of the shot are constant .	the result holds when considering players ' free throw records , in which things such as defensive pressure and difficulty of the shot is constant .
standard configuration packages delivered with the source code distribution require the use of the m4 macro language which hides much of the configuration complexity .	standard configuration packages delivered with the source code distribution requires the use of the m4 macro language which hides much of the configuration complexity .
this expansion is the cause of the nebula 's very low temperature .	this expansion are the cause of the nebula 's very low temperature .
my concerns about the continuing dispute extend only to stopping the edit war .	my concerns about the continuing dispute extends only to stopping the edit war .
the river flows west-northwest and passes through the villages of milošev do and kaćevo .	the river flow west-northwest and passes through the villages of milošev do and kaćevo .
all matters of social rank or caste are examples of personal status , the modern extremes of which would be nobility and the 200 million dalits , the untouchables of india .	all matters of social rank or caste is examples of personal status , the modern extremes of which would be nobility and the 200 million dalits , the untouchables of india .
interest income received by holders of municipal bonds is often exempt from the federal income tax and from the income tax of the state in which they are issued , although municipal bonds issued for certain purposes may not be tax exempt .	interest income received by holders of municipal bonds are often exempt from the federal income tax and from the income tax of the state in which they are issued , although municipal bonds issued for certain purposes may not be tax exempt .
many types of dwarfism are impossible to prevent because they are genetically caused .	many types of dwarfism is impossible to prevent because they are genetically caused .
other major themes in rhetoric of science include the investigation of the accomplishments and sausive abilities of individuals ( ethos ) who have left a mark in their respective sciences as well as an age old concern of rhetoric of science - public science policy .	other major themes in rhetoric of science includes the investigation of the accomplishments and sausive abilities of individuals ( ethos ) who have left a mark in their respective sciences as well as an age old concern of rhetoric of science - public science policy .
the telescope is still in active use today and the observatory is used for classroom space , offices and a library .	the telescope are still in active use today and the observatory is used for classroom space , offices and a library .
built in 1896 of wood , its steep pitched roof , lancet windows and side entrance tower are typical of gothic revival churches .	built in 1896 of wood , its steep pitched roof , lancet windows and side entrance tower is typical of gothic revival churches .
in any case , the cultural blurrings wo n't reduce the pleasure with which this book is received , and most children would surely vouchsafe jon muth the pleasure of a one-handed round of applause for his elegant tale .	in any case , the cultural blurrings wo n't reduce the pleasure with which this book are received , and most children would surely vouchsafe jon muth the pleasure of a one-handed round of applause for his elegant tale .
the pliocene ( ; also pleiocene ) epoch ( symbol po as with other older geologic periods , the geological strata that define the start and end are well identified but the exact dates of the start and end of the epoch are slightly uncertain .	the pliocene ( ; also pleiocene ) epoch ( symbol po as with other older geologic periods , the geological strata that define the start and end are well identified but the exact dates of the start and end of the epoch is slightly uncertain .
civil manner with others as he accuses others of violating the very wp principles he tramples on constantly .	civil manner with others as he accuse others of violating the very wp principles he tramples on constantly .
on the other hand , i attempt to maintain close to 14 mph above the speed limit where the speed limit is 50 mph or greater , though speed limits in this region never exceed 65 mph .	on the other hand , i attempt to maintain close to 14 mph above the speed limit where the speed limit is 50 mph or greater , though speed limits in this region never exceeds 65 mph .
he helped to pioneer the field of cajun history , and his published works on this topic represent the first serious , in-depth examination of the history of the ethnic group .	he helped to pioneer the field of cajun history , and his published works on this topic represents the first serious , in-depth examination of the history of the ethnic group .
yttrium oxide is an important starting point for inorganic compounds .	yttrium oxide are an important starting point for inorganic compounds .
this worldwide active business has all together more than 1 , 100 workers .	this worldwide active business have all together more than 1 , 100 workers .
a list of cars with explanations of how to unlock them is the only other content .	a list of cars with explanations of how to unlock them are the only other content .
he had one son- nanajaraja bahadur-from a brahmin lady known as puttarangamba devi and even today this lineage survives and is known by the name bahadur ( nanjaraja bahadur choultry is a famous heritage structure in mysore ) .	he had one son- nanajaraja bahadur-from a brahmin lady known as puttarangamba devi and even today this lineage survive and is known by the name bahadur ( nanjaraja bahadur choultry is a famous heritage structure in mysore ) .
the idea that all groups performing a given type of task go through the same series of stages in the same order was replicated through the 1950s , 1960s and 1970s ; with most finding four phases of discussion .	the idea that all groups performing a given type of task goes through the same series of stages in the same order was replicated through the 1950s , 1960s and 1970s ; with most finding four phases of discussion .
the mazda wankel engines ( a type of rotary combustion engine ) comprise a family of car engines derived from experiments in the early 1960s by felix wankel , a german engineer .	the mazda wankel engines ( a type of rotary combustion engine ) comprises a family of car engines derived from experiments in the early 1960s by felix wankel , a german engineer .
i do not understand why the considered opinion of historians and sociologists needs the addition of commentary by unqualified blowhards .	i do not understand why the considered opinion of historians and sociologists need the addition of commentary by unqualified blowhards .
this rule encourages pitchers to be more responsible with the pitch and catchers to play defense , as balls which miss the catcher are now grounds to have stolen bases .	this rule encourages pitchers to be more responsible with the pitch and catchers to play defense , as balls which miss the catcher is now grounds to have stolen bases .
the two exceptions ( at time of nomination ) are a listing in a business directory and a listing as an exhibitor at a trade show ; neither of which establish notability .	the two exceptions ( at time of nomination ) is a listing in a business directory and a listing as an exhibitor at a trade show ; neither of which establish notability .
cards from this faction are all generals and they are considered legendary .	cards from this faction is all generals and they are considered legendary .
again , i believe the implications of this thought problem are significant , and directly relate to articles with which i am involved .	again , i believe the implications of this thought problem is significant , and directly relate to articles with which i am involved .
the captains for each team now select players from a combined pool of both fan balloting and the nhl hockey operations department .	the captains for each team now selects players from a combined pool of both fan balloting and the nhl hockey operations department .
the only way of currently running dos applications in real mode from within newer versions of windows is by using emulators such as dosbox .	the only way of currently running dos applications in real mode from within newer versions of windows are by using emulators such as dosbox .
flat tax implementations without the provision of a negative income tax actually need an additional effort in order to avoid negative taxation .	flat tax implementations without the provision of a negative income tax actually needs an additional effort in order to avoid negative taxation .
objections based on edit summary usage seem to be based on bean counting rather than serious examination of contributions .	objections based on edit summary usage seems to be based on bean counting rather than serious examination of contributions .
as the rotor turns , either an iron portion of the disk is in the gap of the stator , allowing a high magnetic flux to cross the gap , or else a non-magnetic slot is in the stator gap , allowing less magnetic flux to pass .	as the rotor turns , either an iron portion of the disk is in the gap of the stator , allowing a high magnetic flux to cross the gap , or else a non-magnetic slot are in the stator gap , allowing less magnetic flux to pass .
the neighborhood is part of queens community board 8 and is served by the united states postal service as zip codes 11365 and 11366 .	the neighborhood are part of queens community board 8 and is served by the united states postal service as zip codes 11365 and 11366 .
members of the parachute armoured squadron are jump qualified .	members of the parachute armoured squadron is jump qualified .
factors that have led to the increasing popularity of medical travel include the high cost of health care , long wait times for certain procedures , the ease and affordability of international travel , and improvements in both technology and standards of care in many countries .	factors that have led to the increasing popularity of medical travel includes the high cost of health care , long wait times for certain procedures , the ease and affordability of international travel , and improvements in both technology and standards of care in many countries .
the goal of blocks is to prevent someone from damaging the encyclopedia .	the goal of blocks are to prevent someone from damaging the encyclopedia .
beginning in the 2012 season , two teams that are tied for a division championship play a tie breaking game even if both teams have already qualified for the postseason .	beginning in the 2012 season , two teams that are tied for a division championship plays a tie breaking game even if both teams have already qualified for the postseason .
members of the consortium playing a leading part in the campaign include actionaid , unicef uk , student partnerships worldwide ( as hosts of the student stop aids campaign ) and oxfam .	members of the consortium playing a leading part in the campaign includes actionaid , unicef uk , student partnerships worldwide ( as hosts of the student stop aids campaign ) and oxfam .
due to overgrazing in the nearby forest , the chances of soil erosion and landslide are very high .	due to overgrazing in the nearby forest , the chances of soil erosion and landslide is very high .
the relevant vacuum solution for circular orbits is the schwarzschild metric .	the relevant vacuum solution for circular orbits are the schwarzschild metric .
yes as i see it , basically these compilations are the most important part of the genre .	yes as i see it , basically these compilations is the most important part of the genre .
the soils that are below the water table have to be treated carefully to permit emission of the excess pore water pressure that is created when the weight is dropped onto the surface .	the soils that are below the water table has to be treated carefully to permit emission of the excess pore water pressure that is created when the weight is dropped onto the surface .
the pillars on the north side and south arch of the nave are of caen stone ( 14th century ) ; those of the south side are granite ( 15th century ) .	the pillars on the north side and south arch of the nave is of caen stone ( 14th century ) ; those of the south side are granite ( 15th century ) .
those cases that do result in a court hearing face further obstacles , including lengthy court delays .	those cases that do result in a court hearing faces further obstacles , including lengthy court delays .
the house is two and a half stories , built with stone walls finished with stucco .	the house are two and a half stories , built with stone walls finished with stucco .
the seventh grade has to take the crt test in reading , mathematics , and world geography .	the seventh grade have to take the crt test in reading , mathematics , and world geography .
homozygous carriers of this mutation are resistant to m-tropic strains of hiv-1 infection .	homozygous carriers of this mutation is resistant to m-tropic strains of hiv-1 infection .
franklin 's hopes of winning the king 's support seem dashed when british forces capture philadelphia but rally when the colonists are victorious at saratoga .	franklin 's hopes of winning the king 's support seems dashed when british forces capture philadelphia but rally when the colonists are victorious at saratoga .
all units in the game have an ammunition counter which , when depleted , renders the unit unable to open fire .	all units in the game has an ammunition counter which , when depleted , renders the unit unable to open fire .
for the reflective writing piece , literacy refers to the student 's ability to understand language in reading and writing , and more broadly , use language to communicate with others .	for the reflective writing piece , literacy refers to the student 's ability to understand language in reading and writing , and more broadly , uses language to communicate with others .
class a shares charge a 2 .	class a shares charges a 2 .
this is only a proposed biosynthetic pathway ; the actual mechanism of how substrates bind to the enzymes is still unknown .	this is only a proposed biosynthetic pathway ; the actual mechanism of how substrates bind to the enzymes are still unknown .
although children in need is welcomed by a large proportion of the british public , there are some who offer an alternative view , that the portrayal of children , particularly disabled children , as victims is unfortunate and counter-productive .	although children in need is welcomed by a large proportion of the british public , there are some who offer an alternative view , that the portrayal of children , particularly disabled children , as victims are unfortunate and counter-productive .
his piano pieces and chamber music are also noteworthy .	his piano pieces and chamber music is also noteworthy .
all dual-process theories are essentially the same .	all dual-process theories is essentially the same .
the mayor , who is elected every three years , presides and sets the agenda over the city council , but is primarily ceremonial as a head of government .	the mayor , who is elected every three years , presides and set the agenda over the city council , but is primarily ceremonial as a head of government .
to leverage this strength of sms advertising , timely and reliable delivery of messages is paramount , which is guaranteed by some sms gateway providers .	to leverage this strength of sms advertising , timely and reliable delivery of messages are paramount , which is guaranteed by some sms gateway providers .
the images lacking fair use rationale need to be identified .	the images lacking fair use rationale needs to be identified .
the expression of such genes results in different main programs or cells , that is , they determine which genes are expressed in each cell and how the sub-ets of each cell interact with one another .	the expression of such genes results in different main programs or cells , that are , they determine which genes are expressed in each cell and how the sub-ets of each cell interact with one another .
the chances that one band would release an album named after another contemporary band are - if nonzero - at least minute .	the chances that one band would release an album named after another contemporary band is - if nonzero - at least minute .
his nickname is `` el tibio '' , which means `` lukewarm '' in spanish .	his nickname are `` el tibio '' , which means `` lukewarm '' in spanish .
things which are equal to the same thing are also equal to one another .	things which are equal to the same thing is also equal to one another .
the doors protecting the icon , also in embossed silver , are of the 15th century .	the doors protecting the icon , also in embossed silver , is of the 15th century .
ansoff pointed out that a diversification strategy stands apart from the other three strategies .	ansoff pointed out that a diversification strategy stand apart from the other three strategies .
under the surrogatum principle , the tax consequences of a damage or settlement payment depend on the tax treatment of the item for which the payment is intended to substitute .	under the surrogatum principle , the tax consequences of a damage or settlement payment depends on the tax treatment of the item for which the payment is intended to substitute .
the plane remained airborne only a few minutes ; no one is sure what went wrong .	the plane remained airborne only a few minutes ; no one are sure what went wrong .
examples of code mobility include scripts downloaded over a network ( for example javascript , vbscript ) , java applets , activex controls , flash animations , shockwave movies ( and xtras ) , and macros embedded within microsoft office documents .	examples of code mobility includes scripts downloaded over a network ( for example javascript , vbscript ) , java applets , activex controls , flash animations , shockwave movies ( and xtras ) , and macros embedded within microsoft office documents .
the important point is ch4 becomes vibrationally excited as a result of the collision with m .	the important point are ch4 becomes vibrationally excited as a result of the collision with m .
details of the recall process are important and likely subject to much debate .	details of the recall process is important and likely subject to much debate .
the country is mountainous with small desert and sand dune patches , hilly valleys , except for the south coastal area and the vast northern lowlands of petén department .	the country are mountainous with small desert and sand dune patches , hilly valleys , except for the south coastal area and the vast northern lowlands of petén department .
the film maintains all the fairy tale and erotic qualities like in rollin 's earlier films requiem pour un vampire , fascination and la nuit des traquées but is a rare departure from the usual horror theme , as this is more of a fantasy drama .	the film maintain all the fairy tale and erotic qualities like in rollin 's earlier films requiem pour un vampire , fascination and la nuit des traquées but is a rare departure from the usual horror theme , as this is more of a fantasy drama .
themes used in the novel , reflective of the 1950s era , include alien invasion films , nuclear threats , and cold war paranoia .	themes used in the novel , reflective of the 1950s era , includes alien invasion films , nuclear threats , and cold war paranoia .
my little ponys executive producer , and is therefore not an independent source .	my little ponys executive producer , and are therefore not an independent source .
other businesses available at the start of the game include a bakery , book store , café , doctor 's office , toy store , news stand , fish market , butcher store , jewelry store , souvenir shop , electrical store and hardware store .	other businesses available at the start of the game includes a bakery , book store , café , doctor 's office , toy store , news stand , fish market , butcher store , jewelry store , souvenir shop , electrical store and hardware store .
stores participate in tournaments and would get exclusive figures and deals to offer their players for each months organized play tournaments .	stores participates in tournaments and would get exclusive figures and deals to offer their players for each months organized play tournaments .
the main streets of the neighbourhood are richmond , carling , alpine , connaught and pinecrest .	the main streets of the neighbourhood is richmond , carling , alpine , connaught and pinecrest .
nfcc on replaceability because the people on the photo seem to be alive .	nfcc on replaceability because the people on the photo seems to be alive .
the population lives predominantly below , with only shepherds and hikers at .	the population live predominantly below , with only shepherds and hikers at .
the image depicts its respective place within the article .	the image depict its respective place within the article .
i do think that i have a good understanding of the process , what happens , and what criteria for deletion are .	i do think that i have a good understanding of the process , what happens , and what criteria for deletion is .
scripture is myth , at least if you define myths as sacred stories ; but non-narrative elements of religion such as ritual and theology are n't stories , so they ca n't be `` myths '' in any scholarly sense .	scripture is myth , at least if you define myths as sacred stories ; but non-narrative elements of religion such as ritual and theology is n't stories , so they ca n't be `` myths '' in any scholarly sense .
schools that use merit pay are better able to attract teachers than schools with no merit pay system .	schools that use merit pay is better able to attract teachers than schools with no merit pay system .
from the cultural-artistic point of view , two lower dig ups in the rock on the road from the lower to the upper town are very interesting .	from the cultural-artistic point of view , two lower dig ups in the rock on the road from the lower to the upper town is very interesting .
greenpeace contends that residue problems are so significant that the exports of all used electronics should be banned .	greenpeace contends that residue problems is so significant that the exports of all used electronics should be banned .
a known parasite of this species is the tapeworm acanthobothrium dighaensis .	a known parasite of this species are the tapeworm acanthobothrium dighaensis .
wembley park tube station is a london underground station in wembley park , north west london .	wembley park tube station are a london underground station in wembley park , north west london .
the proposed remedies include deletion and oversight to remove the information , this category would collect that information .	the proposed remedies includes deletion and oversight to remove the information , this category would collect that information .
so i think the restaurant is sufficiently notable to have an article here .	so i think the restaurant are sufficiently notable to have an article here .
only when the levels of calcium inside the muscle cell are high enough will it contract .	only when the levels of calcium inside the muscle cell is high enough will it contract .
the upper leaves are alternate and narrower .	the upper leaves is alternate and narrower .
portions of the county north of walnut mountain are part of the cumberland river watershed .	portions of the county north of walnut mountain is part of the cumberland river watershed .
the window for freezing temperatures on average begins in late september and expires in late may .	the window for freezing temperatures on average begin in late september and expires in late may .
several prominent members of the story hear the howling , including marty and town constable lander neary .	several prominent members of the story hears the howling , including marty and town constable lander neary .
the molecules of brick immediately in front of the tip do .	the molecules of brick immediately in front of the tip does .
this is usually because ceroc events have more female participants than male ones , and many males are less comfortable engaging in a partner dance with a member of the same sex than females are .	this is usually because ceroc events has more female participants than male ones , and many males are less comfortable engaging in a partner dance with a member of the same sex than females are .
witness testimony with details of times and locations indicates that government forces executed a substantial number of ethnic albanians in the prison .	witness testimony with details of times and locations indicate that government forces executed a substantial number of ethnic albanians in the prison .
the immune receptors of the innate immune system present in the gut are the primary targets of strategies for immunomodulation via diet .	the immune receptors of the innate immune system present in the gut is the primary targets of strategies for immunomodulation via diet .
as for the weight given to mackay and modern critiques , i feel it is appropriate , since tulip mania has become synonymous with speculative bubbles , the economic interpretations of the event are as important as the event itself .	as for the weight given to mackay and modern critiques , i feel it is appropriate , since tulip mania has become synonymous with speculative bubbles , the economic interpretations of the event is as important as the event itself .
universities on the semester system use a different algebra ii curriculum than ones on the quarter system .	universities on the semester system uses a different algebra ii curriculum than ones on the quarter system .
the operational managers - in collaboration with each process operator , create process operator performance objectives for the employees they supervise .	the operational managers - in collaboration with each process operator , creates process operator performance objectives for the employees they supervise .
the specifics of the geology of the canyon are not well understood , except that it is an erosional feature rather than the result of glaciation .	the specifics of the geology of the canyon is not well understood , except that it is an erosional feature rather than the result of glaciation .
anthropologists working in this vein of inquiry seek to dissect , interpret and write cultural critiques .	anthropologists working in this vein of inquiry seeks to dissect , interpret and write cultural critiques .
examples of welfare technology are intelligent aids such as cleaning robots , sensors in clothes , smart homes , etc .	examples of welfare technology is intelligent aids such as cleaning robots , sensors in clothes , smart homes , etc .
of course the other three or so articles in question are completely irrelevant .	of course the other three or so articles in question is completely irrelevant .
the live shows began on august 4 , 2012 in pagcor grand theater in parañaque , metro manila .	the live show began on august 4 , 2012 in pagcor grand theater in parañaque , metro manila .
the player must rotate the pipes to form a path from the correct tanks to the correct flasks , and a path connected to two tanks of different colors takes on the associated secondary color .	the player must rotate the pipes to form a path from the correct tanks to the correct flasks , and a path connected to two tanks of different colors take on the associated secondary color .
arbpia ] ] and i do n't think that neoretro 's edits to your talk page are egregious enough to warrant a block .	arbpia ] ] and i do n't think that neoretro 's edits to your talk page is egregious enough to warrant a block .
the quote is a pretty close fit , but the context does not seem to agree with what i understand to be the meaning of the expression .	the quote are a pretty close fit , but the context does not seem to agree with what i understand to be the meaning of the expression .
given that the uk government opted not to pursue a tidal scheme in the severn estuary following the completion of the feasibility study , the chances of a third crossing anytime in the near future seem doubtful .	given that the uk government opted not to pursue a tidal scheme in the severn estuary following the completion of the feasibility study , the chances of a third crossing anytime in the near future seems doubtful .
he simply `` did not get it '' that he was being set up by trolls and intemperate reactions to editors show a lack of understanding .	he simply `` did not get it '' that he was being set up by trolls and intemperate reactions to editors shows a lack of understanding .
london , products themed on the local transport system are a popular tourist souvenir .	london , products themed on the local transport system is a popular tourist souvenir .
i believe deletions from the talk page are illegal .	i believe deletions from the talk page is illegal .
localized processes , such as the occlusion of a portion of the respiratory tree , are more likely to produce wheezing at that location , hence the sound will be loudest and radiate outwardly .	localized processes , such as the occlusion of a portion of the respiratory tree , is more likely to produce wheezing at that location , hence the sound will be loudest and radiate outwardly .
the resulting arrangement of trapped atoms resembles a crystal lattice .	the resulting arrangement of trapped atoms resemble a crystal lattice .
viruses of this family contain 6 to 8 segments of linear negative-sense single stranded rna .	viruses of this family contains 6 to 8 segments of linear negative-sense single stranded rna .
this preference for larger males is could be due to the fact that larger males produce a greater amount of sperm thus increasing the females chances of offspring .	this preference for larger males are could be due to the fact that larger males produce a greater amount of sperm thus increasing the females chances of offspring .
users of online collaboration software are familiar with mediawiki 's functions and layout due to its noted use on wikipedia .	users of online collaboration software is familiar with mediawiki 's functions and layout due to its noted use on wikipedia .
the other examples raised in this discussion are different .	the other examples raised in this discussion is different .
the blanks after his age and the date indicate that he expected death soon ( within ten years ) in 1380 , but in the event ingram lived into second half of the first decade of the 15th century .	the blanks after his age and the date indicates that he expected death soon ( within ten years ) in 1380 , but in the event ingram lived into second half of the first decade of the 15th century .
gender differences related to body image are increasingly prevalent between men and women .	gender differences related to body image is increasingly prevalent between men and women .
senior officers that fail to act on information regarding crime or incompetence are subject to permanent reduction in rank or court martial so must act on whistleblower information .	senior officers that fail to act on information regarding crime or incompetence is subject to permanent reduction in rank or court martial so must act on whistleblower information .
the 7 stations built for the line are similar in construction , each with a single 800-foot-long high-level side platform serving a single track .	the 7 stations built for the line is similar in construction , each with a single 800-foot-long high-level side platform serving a single track .
other notable peaks in the range are rosennock ( ) , zirbitzkogel ( ) and großer speikkogel ( ) .	other notable peaks in the range is rosennock ( ) , zirbitzkogel ( ) and großer speikkogel ( ) .
spaces in the template name are acceptable according to the stub naming guidelines .	spaces in the template name is acceptable according to the stub naming guidelines .
for most competent communication speeches , the limit is five to seven minutes .	for most competent communication speeches , the limit are five to seven minutes .
problems in that case are to do with injecting the rocket into the desired orbit rather than from just any old orbit from a spinning , drifting who-knows-what balloon .	problems in that case is to do with injecting the rocket into the desired orbit rather than from just any old orbit from a spinning , drifting who-knows-what balloon .
the highest percentage of multiracial people among communities of at least 1 , 000 people is in hilmar-irwin , california and the lowest is in belvedere , california .	the highest percentage of multiracial people among communities of at least 1 , 000 people are in hilmar-irwin , california and the lowest is in belvedere , california .
further works recognizable by their style and handling are the crucifixion of christ for the hospital chapel , bernkastel-kues ; the adoration of the magi in the germanisches nationalmuseum , nuremberg ; and the crucifixion and deposition of christ at the wallraf-richartz museum , cologne .	further works recognizable by their style and handling is the crucifixion of christ for the hospital chapel , bernkastel-kues ; the adoration of the magi in the germanisches nationalmuseum , nuremberg ; and the crucifixion and deposition of christ at the wallraf-richartz museum , cologne .
the map now displays correctly in ie , but the dots in firefox are displaced .	the map now display correctly in ie , but the dots in firefox are displaced .
though the travel time between points is zero , there is a short pause between each jump required to compute the parameters of the next jump .	though the travel time between points are zero , there is a short pause between each jump required to compute the parameters of the next jump .
his works , primarily in lost wax cast bronze produced at his own foundry , explore the human body portrayed through dance , though he has a substantial body of work centered in the purely symbolic form as well .	his works , primarily in lost wax cast bronze produced at his own foundry , explores the human body portrayed through dance , though he has a substantial body of work centered in the purely symbolic form as well .
the specific forms of planning proposed for socialism and their feasibility are the subject of debate within the broader socialist calculation debate .	the specific forms of planning proposed for socialism and their feasibility is the subject of debate within the broader socialist calculation debate .
compounds within a homologous series typically have a fixed set of functional groups that gives them similar chemical and physical properties .	compounds within a homologous series typically has a fixed set of functional groups that gives them similar chemical and physical properties .
several rivers cross the district from west to east , the largest of them being the hunte , which runs through oldenburg before entering wesermarsch .	several rivers crosses the district from west to east , the largest of them being the hunte , which runs through oldenburg before entering wesermarsch .
the generators were removed but the holes that were drilled in the roof of the cave still have cables as evidence of the caves industrial use .	the generators were removed but the holes that were drilled in the roof of the cave still has cables as evidence of the caves industrial use .
significant parts of the lime mortar and ancient castle wall are integrated into the town houses around the lindenhof and in a kaiserpfalz ( 1218 broken ) , place of festivities , as the engagement of the later german emperor henry iv with bertha von turin on christmas 1055 .	significant parts of the lime mortar and ancient castle wall is integrated into the town houses around the lindenhof and in a kaiserpfalz ( 1218 broken ) , place of festivities , as the engagement of the later german emperor henry iv with bertha von turin on christmas 1055 .
the incisive foramina ( openings in the front part of the palate ) are medium in length , and do not reach the first molars .	the incisive foramina ( openings in the front part of the palate ) is medium in length , and do not reach the first molars .
the oldest exposed rock forms in the watershed are ruinite granite , which dates to 1400 million years before present .	the oldest exposed rock forms in the watershed is ruinite granite , which dates to 1400 million years before present .
other graduates of the program include joe kelly and brian k .	other graduates of the program includes joe kelly and brian k .
essentially , the connector provides an 8-bit data interface with limited addressing .	essentially , the connector provide an 8-bit data interface with limited addressing .
a near-complete archive of popular mechanics issues going back to 1905 is available through google books .	a near-complete archive of popular mechanics issues going back to 1905 are available through google books .
euarchonta hypothesis , while a major study investigating mitochondrial sequences supports a different tree topology ( arnason et al .	euarchonta hypothesis , while a major study investigating mitochondrial sequences support a different tree topology ( arnason et al .
bolivian artists of stature in the 20th century include guzmán de rojas , arturo borda , maría luisa pacheco , roberto mamani mamani , alejandro mario yllanes , alfredo da silva , and marina núñez del prado .	bolivian artists of stature in the 20th century includes guzmán de rojas , arturo borda , maría luisa pacheco , roberto mamani mamani , alejandro mario yllanes , alfredo da silva , and marina núñez del prado .
quasiperiodic signals in the sense of audio processing are not quasiperiodic functions ; instead they have the nature of almost periodic functions and that article should be consulted .	quasiperiodic signals in the sense of audio processing is not quasiperiodic functions ; instead they have the nature of almost periodic functions and that article should be consulted .
two versions of the show 's logo are not necessary to understand the topic or for inclusion within the television infobox .	two versions of the show 's logo is not necessary to understand the topic or for inclusion within the television infobox .
officers performing riot control typically wear protective equipment such as riot helmets , face visors , body armor ( vests , neck protectors , knee pads , etc .	officers performing riot control typically wears protective equipment such as riot helmets , face visors , body armor ( vests , neck protectors , knee pads , etc .
according to the biased version of `` classical liberalism '' that rjii prefers , only his libertarian views are qualify as `` classical liberal , '' while my views , such as the belief in universal health care , are not `` classical liberal .	according to the biased version of `` classical liberalism '' that rjii prefers , only his libertarian views are qualify as `` classical liberal , '' while my views , such as the belief in universal health care , is not `` classical liberal .
this is because the short pulses needed for a good minimum range broadcast have less total energy , making the returns much smaller and the target harder to detect .	this is because the short pulses needed for a good minimum range broadcast has less total energy , making the returns much smaller and the target harder to detect .
so far , unsurprisingly , the votes are a unanimous keep .	so far , unsurprisingly , the votes is a unanimous keep .
paintings on the vault of the church date from 1904 and are the work of aleksander mroczkowski .	paintings on the vault of the church date from 1904 and is the work of aleksander mroczkowski .
the shells extend down from the surface by from the center ; the difference between the heights is the result of floods since the midden was created , which have deposited multiple layers of earth around the base .	the shells extend down from the surface by from the center ; the difference between the heights are the result of floods since the midden was created , which have deposited multiple layers of earth around the base .
the proceedings in a trial of a civil or criminal case are similar .	the proceedings in a trial of a civil or criminal case is similar .
the most commonly seen mammals in the park are the guadeloupe raccoon , bats ( two species of which are endemic to guadeloupe ) , mongooses ( introduced from india ) , and the endangered agouti .	the most commonly seen mammals in the park is the guadeloupe raccoon , bats ( two species of which are endemic to guadeloupe ) , mongooses ( introduced from india ) , and the endangered agouti .
the endless variety of the motifs and their combinations makes it difficult to attempt to construct a typology of gelede headdresses .	the endless variety of the motifs and their combinations make it difficult to attempt to construct a typology of gelede headdresses .
these occurrences of cognition are visible only to the person who experiences them .	these occurrences of cognition is visible only to the person who experiences them .
most commonly expected features for a product in this arena are present .	most commonly expected features for a product in this arena is present .
the largest rooms of the 17th century addition ( and yet today ) are the ground floor or terrace level low hall and the great hall immediately above .	the largest rooms of the 17th century addition ( and yet today ) is the ground floor or terrace level low hall and the great hall immediately above .
if they are allowed , then no editor should unilaterally shut them down while they are still active , at least not solely on the theory that polls are bad .	if they are allowed , then no editor should unilaterally shut them down while they are still active , at least not solely on the theory that polls is bad .
the village also has many wells .	the village also have many wells .
the equations of motion are integrable in terms of jacobi 's elliptic functions in the well-known cases of the pendulum , the euler top , the symmetric lagrange top in a gravitational field and the kepler problem ( planetary motion in a central gravitational field ) .	the equations of motion is integrable in terms of jacobi 's elliptic functions in the well-known cases of the pendulum , the euler top , the symmetric lagrange top in a gravitational field and the kepler problem ( planetary motion in a central gravitational field ) .
two very prominent proposed explanations of aging that have a bearing on calorie restriction are the free radical theory and the glycation theory .	two very prominent proposed explanations of aging that have a bearing on calorie restriction is the free radical theory and the glycation theory .
factors that should be taken into consideration when designing a control program include the susceptibility of malaria vectors to insecticides and the preferred feeding and resting location of adult mosquitoes .	factors that should be taken into consideration when designing a control program includes the susceptibility of malaria vectors to insecticides and the preferred feeding and resting location of adult mosquitoes .
but the procedure for doing this also contains protections for states with low populations .	but the procedure for doing this also contain protections for states with low populations .
students interested in pursuing a career in science or medicine frequently take ap biology or ap environmental science as a junior or senior .	students interested in pursuing a career in science or medicine frequently takes ap biology or ap environmental science as a junior or senior .
the production companies behind the film are boyana film , bulgar film and lenfilm .	the production companies behind the film is boyana film , bulgar film and lenfilm .
the route enters galena , where it becomes cross street and the speed limit drops to .	the route enters galena , where it becomes cross street and the speed limit drop to .
the name `` talus snail '' refers to the fact that snails in this genus live on and in talus .	the name `` talus snail '' refers to the fact that snails in this genus lives on and in talus .
the community 's current arms , conferred in 1958 , still bear this charge in the upper half of the escutcheon , and in the lower half are the arms once borne by the counts of wertheim .	the community 's current arms , conferred in 1958 , still bear this charge in the upper half of the escutcheon , and in the lower half is the arms once borne by the counts of wertheim .
the numbers associated with the name represent the amount of aluminium in the alloy ( i .	the numbers associated with the name represents the amount of aluminium in the alloy ( i .
thus , the two substrates of this enzyme are o4-succinyl-l-homoserine and l-cysteine , whereas its two products are l-cystathionine and succinate .	thus , the two substrates of this enzyme is o4-succinyl-l-homoserine and l-cysteine , whereas its two products are l-cystathionine and succinate .
his mission is a success , and he contacts baroness for extraction .	his mission are a success , and he contacts baroness for extraction .
the target for the axons of the optic nerves is not the back of the brain .	the target for the axons of the optic nerves are not the back of the brain .
indeed , `` the basic pattern of all vertebrate eyes is similar .	indeed , `` the basic pattern of all vertebrate eyes are similar .
exterior shots of the same restaurant appear in the television sitcom seinfeld as monk 's , which is the eatery where jerry , george , elaine , and kramer hang out .	exterior shots of the same restaurant appears in the television sitcom seinfeld as monk 's , which is the eatery where jerry , george , elaine , and kramer hang out .
the choice for other tech companies is clear , and kudos to websense for leading the way .	the choice for other tech companies are clear , and kudos to websense for leading the way .
traditional dishes of the area include barbacoa , carnitas , pulque , nopal cactus with eggs , beans with epazote and mixote but the area is known for dishes made with escamoles ( ant eggs ) as well as mezcal worms which are both seasonal .	traditional dishes of the area includes barbacoa , carnitas , pulque , nopal cactus with eggs , beans with epazote and mixote but the area is known for dishes made with escamoles ( ant eggs ) as well as mezcal worms which are both seasonal .
the disadvantages of this approach are the higher material costs and increased crane time ( if lifted with crane fork ) .	the disadvantages of this approach is the higher material costs and increased crane time ( if lifted with crane fork ) .
delete - the references in the article are mostly unreliable sources .	delete - the references in the article is mostly unreliable sources .
some have been conclusively proved to have no conan doyle input , the composition of others still remains unclear .	some have been conclusively proved to have no conan doyle input , the composition of others still remain unclear .
in the video , hall , dressed like a prototypical scorsese criminal character , frantically yells the lyrics into a microphone while the other band members sit or stand at their instruments but do not play them .	in the video , hall , dressed like a prototypical scorsese criminal character , frantically yells the lyrics into a microphone while the other band members sits or stand at their instruments but do not play them .
it would be many years before they would come to full fruition , and indeed the problems facing the system today reflect basic differences of approach which are still unresolved .	it would be many years before they would come to full fruition , and indeed the problems facing the system today reflects basic differences of approach which are still unresolved .
addition of sensitive categories to articles requires per-article manual review , and should not be carried out simply by generating a list from existing wikipedia content .	addition of sensitive categories to articles require per-article manual review , and should not be carried out simply by generating a list from existing wikipedia content .
sarah returns , and after patience 's brother demands the two leave his home , they set out to start a farm and a life together , and sing a final duet on the dock .	sarah returns , and after patience 's brother demands the two leave his home , they sets out to start a farm and a life together , and sing a final duet on the dock .
parts of the story in the novel version differ slightly from what was actually filmed , owing to changes being made in the screenplay prior to and during production .	parts of the story in the novel version differs slightly from what was actually filmed , owing to changes being made in the screenplay prior to and during production .
july 14 , 1990 new brunswick , new jersey a 5-year-old boy calls 911 when his mother is losing consciousness .	july 14 , 1990 new brunswick , new jersey a 5-year-old boy call 911 when his mother is losing consciousness .
the flowers , white in colour , symmetrical , and cruciform in outline , are reminiscent of the distinctive southern stars .	the flowers , white in colour , symmetrical , and cruciform in outline , is reminiscent of the distinctive southern stars .
both points of view are valid .	both points of view is valid .
this album contains primarily cover versions of various songs that were popular from the 1920s to the 1950s , though there are two original songs for the album as well ( `` sunshine '' and `` take care of business '' ) .	this album contain primarily cover versions of various songs that were popular from the 1920s to the 1950s , though there are two original songs for the album as well ( `` sunshine '' and `` take care of business '' ) .
rules of kinship and descent have important public aspects , especially under monarchies , where they determine the order of succession , the heir apparent and the heir presumptive .	rules of kinship and descent has important public aspects , especially under monarchies , where they determine the order of succession , the heir apparent and the heir presumptive .
flights to the continent in the permanent darkness of the winter are normally only undertaken in an emergency , with burning barrels of fuel to outline a runway .	flights to the continent in the permanent darkness of the winter is normally only undertaken in an emergency , with burning barrels of fuel to outline a runway .
the exceptions to this rule are the five generous house sites next to the spring on spang street that were set aside by bare for his family .	the exceptions to this rule is the five generous house sites next to the spring on spang street that were set aside by bare for his family .
some areas where this type of technology can be useful are medical applications , logistics ( i .	some areas where this type of technology can be useful is medical applications , logistics ( i .
users who signed up after the name change receive a googlemail .	users who signed up after the name change receives a googlemail .
any articles that are not located in either a ) a county category or b ) are in multiple countty categories should be left with the base template .	any articles that are not located in either a ) a county category or b ) is in multiple countty categories should be left with the base template .
battle arenas , for example , allow all players to engage each other without fear of penalty or loss of rank .	battle arenas , for example , allows all players to engage each other without fear of penalty or loss of rank .
major shopping malls along the road are the guihe shopping center ( ) , the sofitel silver plaza , and the wanda shopping mall ( ) .	major shopping malls along the road is the guihe shopping center ( ) , the sofitel silver plaza , and the wanda shopping mall ( ) .
he viewed that his falsetto vocals and the song 's tone give the song a sexual feel with music that works as a `` double entendre '' .	he viewed that his falsetto vocals and the song 's tone gives the song a sexual feel with music that works as a `` double entendre '' .
a north trending graben structure long and wide intersects the property .	a north trending graben structure long and wide intersect the property .
official announcements include evacuations , road closures , news releases , maps , photographs , and basic info and current situation about the incident .	official announcements includes evacuations , road closures , news releases , maps , photographs , and basic info and current situation about the incident .
it seems pretty evident that the various articles we have on this subject right now ( including the list article ) contain enough referenced material to do something encyclopedic with , even if large chunks of it end up getting merged to freemasonry or the like .	it seems pretty evident that the various articles we have on this subject right now ( including the list article ) contains enough referenced material to do something encyclopedic with , even if large chunks of it end up getting merged to freemasonry or the like .
possible solutions for a large scale problem like this include rainwater harvesting .	possible solutions for a large scale problem like this includes rainwater harvesting .
for example , the forbes article already linked there ; others easily found by google like washington post 2006-03-09 ( the links at the bottom of the article seem to have expired ) .	for example , the forbes article already linked there ; others easily found by google like washington post 2006-03-09 ( the links at the bottom of the article seems to have expired ) .
the exact range that he needs to be from other evolved humans for them to enhance his powers is unclear , although he possesses enough power to throw a rock with enough force to penetrate a human skull while some distance from the main carnival .	the exact range that he needs to be from other evolved humans for them to enhance his powers are unclear , although he possesses enough power to throw a rock with enough force to penetrate a human skull while some distance from the main carnival .
this project aims to coordinate the exchange of knowledge between the museu picasso and the community of wikipedians .	this project aim to coordinate the exchange of knowledge between the museu picasso and the community of wikipedians .
for british aircraft , the big white letters are a squadron code ( the letters in front of the roundel are the squadron , the one behind is the unique identifier of that aircraft ) , and the smaller black alphanumeric is the serial number .	for british aircraft , the big white letters are a squadron code ( the letters in front of the roundel is the squadron , the one behind is the unique identifier of that aircraft ) , and the smaller black alphanumeric is the serial number .
her religion is christianity after she was influenced by the uk 's many religions and multi-cultural society .	her religion are christianity after she was influenced by the uk 's many religions and multi-cultural society .
if the process is repeated then it is in general observed that some elements of the range of variability occur more frequently and other less frequently .	if the process is repeated then it is in general observed that some elements of the range of variability occurs more frequently and other less frequently .
members of the order have no privileges , except the right of riding on a horse inside the saint peter 's basilica in rome .	members of the order has no privileges , except the right of riding on a horse inside the saint peter 's basilica in rome .
often members of a pep band are a subset of people from a larger ensemble such as a marching band or a concert band .	often members of a pep band is a subset of people from a larger ensemble such as a marching band or a concert band .
for example , fringe theories in science depart significantly from mainstream science and have little or no scientific support .	for example , fringe theories in science depart significantly from mainstream science and has little or no scientific support .
the steps up to the apse ( semicircle where the altar is located ) are analogous to the stereobate and stylobate of the temple ( the floor of a temple ) .	the steps up to the apse ( semicircle where the altar is located ) is analogous to the stereobate and stylobate of the temple ( the floor of a temple ) .
the church building is currently occupied by the first baptist congregational church , whose official mailing address is 1613 w .	the church building is currently occupied by the first baptist congregational church , whose official mailing address are 1613 w .
regarding a specific rail line , the article makes clear in both the lead and first paragraph that the rail line is the wallkill valley railroad .	regarding a specific rail line , the article makes clear in both the lead and first paragraph that the rail line are the wallkill valley railroad .
the earliest written records on cider making and drinking go back to the 11th and 12th century .	the earliest written records on cider making and drinking goes back to the 11th and 12th century .
currently , the church is not undergoing restoration despite its status as a protected state historical monument .	currently , the church are not undergoing restoration despite its status as a protected state historical monument .
but this category , for people who simply have diabetes , is non-defining categorization and we should delete .	but this category , for people who simply have diabetes , are non-defining categorization and we should delete .
other celebrities making a cameo appearance in the video include jay leno , george kennedy , dick clark , charlie chase , leland sklar , gerald mcraney and david hasselhoff .	other celebrities making a cameo appearance in the video includes jay leno , george kennedy , dick clark , charlie chase , leland sklar , gerald mcraney and david hasselhoff .
in the ppf , all points on the curve are points of maximum productive efficiency ( i .	in the ppf , all points on the curve is points of maximum productive efficiency ( i .
in addition , the band is well known for using a number of electronic instruments , such as the tb-303 , tr-606 , minimoog , shortwave radio , and other instruments .	in addition , the band are well known for using a number of electronic instruments , such as the tb-303 , tr-606 , minimoog , shortwave radio , and other instruments .
the corporation runs a chain of retail supermarkets under the brand name supplyco , and a chain of retail outlets under the name maveli stores .	the corporation run a chain of retail supermarkets under the brand name supplyco , and a chain of retail outlets under the name maveli stores .
the highway intersects with the enchanted highway west of dickinson at exit 72 .	the highway intersect with the enchanted highway west of dickinson at exit 72 .
the source 's audience must also be considered ; evidence of attention by international or national , or at least regional , media is a strong indication of notability , whereas attention solely by local media is not an indication of notability .	the source 's audience must also be considered ; evidence of attention by international or national , or at least regional , media is a strong indication of notability , whereas attention solely by local media are not an indication of notability .
the dates given below for the filling of a seat are the dates the justices were sworn ( not when they were confirmed by the senate or commissioned ) .	the dates given below for the filling of a seat is the dates the justices were sworn ( not when they were confirmed by the senate or commissioned ) .
this issue contains more than 40 poems by israeli poets , which were published in the period between 1948 till 1958 .	this issue contain more than 40 poems by israeli poets , which were published in the period between 1948 till 1958 .
it 's because it of an `` all the established contributors in that area do it '' attitude that legitimate alternate accounts are required .	it 's because it of an `` all the established contributors in that area does it '' attitude that legitimate alternate accounts are required .
it has been suggested that the shrines , which are arranged around the volcano 's summit along what may be an ancient snow line , are markers for the transition to the sacred part of mauna kea .	it has been suggested that the shrines , which are arranged around the volcano 's summit along what may be an ancient snow line , is markers for the transition to the sacred part of mauna kea .
niemeyer turns up the volume on architecture to make the hairs stand up on the back of your neck .	niemeyer turns up the volume on architecture to make the hairs stands up on the back of your neck .
the plot revolves around pi and his attempt to win the heart of cordelia while dealing with a tiger shark who is terrorizing him and the reef 's inhabitants .	the plot revolve around pi and his attempt to win the heart of cordelia while dealing with a tiger shark who is terrorizing him and the reef 's inhabitants .
insects at a greater risk for water loss face the challenge of either a depleted oxygen supply or desiccation , leading to an adaptive increase in tracheal volume in order to receive more oxygen .	insects at a greater risk for water loss faces the challenge of either a depleted oxygen supply or desiccation , leading to an adaptive increase in tracheal volume in order to receive more oxygen .
which helps to explain why people with hearing loss often find it hard to make themselves heard to other people .	which helps to explain why people with hearing loss often finds it hard to make themselves heard to other people .
interesting eucalyptus plants occurring on the mountain include the blue mountains ash and eucalyptus scias subsp .	interesting eucalyptus plants occurring on the mountain includes the blue mountains ash and eucalyptus scias subsp .
the body shape in males and females is subtly different .	the body shape in males and females are subtly different .
women survivors of war are not the single image portrayed on the television screen , but the glue that holds families and countries together .	women survivors of war is not the single image portrayed on the television screen , but the glue that holds families and countries together .
key areas of business include buildings , building services , land development and regeneration , traffic and transportation , highways and bridges , railways , environment and process technology , water and wastewater , power , fire engineering and it and telecommunications .	key areas of business includes buildings , building services , land development and regeneration , traffic and transportation , highways and bridges , railways , environment and process technology , water and wastewater , power , fire engineering and it and telecommunications .
the stars from the film appear on the video screen and talk about the fire .	the stars from the film appears on the video screen and talk about the fire .
characteristic symptoms of schizophrenia spectrum and other psychotic disorder are present but full criteria for a diagnostic class are not met , but the clinician does not specify the reason .	characteristic symptoms of schizophrenia spectrum and other psychotic disorder is present but full criteria for a diagnostic class are not met , but the clinician does not specify the reason .
the principle of vacant places follows from conditional probability theory , which is based on bayes theorem .	the principle of vacant places follow from conditional probability theory , which is based on bayes theorem .
one source of the logical mistakes that are at the origins of metaphysics is the ambiguity of natural language .	one source of the logical mistakes that are at the origins of metaphysics are the ambiguity of natural language .
however , certain neurological impulses ( for instance , curiosity or chemical addiction ) remain intact .	however , certain neurological impulses ( for instance , curiosity or chemical addiction ) remains intact .
some episodes of the radio and television version are available for sale commercially .	some episodes of the radio and television version is available for sale commercially .
the progress of transferring readers to editors is a crucial part of expending foundation of wikimedia 's credibility .	the progress of transferring readers to editors are a crucial part of expending foundation of wikimedia 's credibility .
records for dean 's housing and population go up to the 1961 census and they show that in 1961 there was a population of 710 with 214 housing .	records for dean 's housing and population goes up to the 1961 census and they show that in 1961 there was a population of 710 with 214 housing .
slovic found that when prospect theory and weber 's law are analyzed in regards to human life , the value of saving human lives is greater for a smaller tragedy than for a larger one .	slovic found that when prospect theory and weber 's law are analyzed in regards to human life , the value of saving human lives are greater for a smaller tragedy than for a larger one .
if no process control system is used , usually the case when manual work is being done , the consumed quantities have to be reported manually from every workplace by using a terminal ( scanner , pc , etc .	if no process control system is used , usually the case when manual work is being done , the consumed quantities has to be reported manually from every workplace by using a terminal ( scanner , pc , etc .
unreadable references are little better than no references .	unreadable references is little better than no references .
flush-mounted probes , on the other hand , being part of the wall , are less perturbative .	flush-mounted probes , on the other hand , being part of the wall , is less perturbative .
additionally , many of these were blanked because they contained blp violations or vandalism , some were just nonsense and many contain nothing but things like assessed or this page is a stub from prior to when we started using wikiproject banners .	additionally , many of these were blanked because they contained blp violations or vandalism , some were just nonsense and many contain nothing but things like assessed or this page are a stub from prior to when we started using wikiproject banners .
accusations of improper sexual behavior , financial and emotional abuse are highlights to hyle 's legacy .	accusations of improper sexual behavior , financial and emotional abuse is highlights to hyle 's legacy .
these letters are so placed that they can be read from right to left or from left to right y-sh-ʿ , probably pronounced yashaʿ , and this name is the same as yashuaʿ , the hebrew form of the name of christ .	these letters are so placed that they can be read from right to left or from left to right y-sh-ʿ , probably pronounced yashaʿ , and this name are the same as yashuaʿ , the hebrew form of the name of christ .
the two low-order bits of the c field are available for additional opcode bits ( bringing the total to 8 ) .	the two low-order bits of the c field is available for additional opcode bits ( bringing the total to 8 ) .
comments about the sex life or religious culture of another editor are simply unacceptable , i think .	comments about the sex life or religious culture of another editor is simply unacceptable , i think .
symptoms of mild zinc deficiency are diverse .	symptoms of mild zinc deficiency is diverse .
the main values that characterize the movement are zionism , leadership , good citizenship , friendship among members , persistence and most and for all supporting the community on a self-fulfillment basis .	the main values that characterize the movement is zionism , leadership , good citizenship , friendship among members , persistence and most and for all supporting the community on a self-fulfillment basis .
three methodologies for measuring site sustainability include breeam developed by the bre organisation in the uk , leed , developed in america and the oxford 360 degree sustainability index used in oxford park and developed by the oxford sustainable group in scandinavia .	three methodologies for measuring site sustainability includes breeam developed by the bre organisation in the uk , leed , developed in america and the oxford 360 degree sustainability index used in oxford park and developed by the oxford sustainable group in scandinavia .
now the american civil war article is stable , thorough and well-referenced .	now the american civil war article are stable , thorough and well-referenced .
young people who are the major movie audience today , refer to that as the plastic world and that is almost a deterrent in the business today .	young people who are the major movie audience today , refers to that as the plastic world and that is almost a deterrent in the business today .
the view is remarkably good given the looming presence of red screes , with a distant vista of the scafells completing the picture .	the view are remarkably good given the looming presence of red screes , with a distant vista of the scafells completing the picture .
these roads are generally built in areas where construction of year-round roads is expensive due to many river crossings , and the presence of boggy muskeg land .	these roads are generally built in areas where construction of year-round roads are expensive due to many river crossings , and the presence of boggy muskeg land .
streams that originate on the west slope of the range include buck gully , los trancos creek , muddy creek , el moro creek , emerald creek , prima deshecha cañada , segunda deshecha cañada , and christianitos canyon .	streams that originate on the west slope of the range includes buck gully , los trancos creek , muddy creek , el moro creek , emerald creek , prima deshecha cañada , segunda deshecha cañada , and christianitos canyon .
his cap band indicates that he was assigned to uss utowana ( sp-951 ) .	his cap band indicate that he was assigned to uss utowana ( sp-951 ) .
magnetized plasmas are '' [ [ anisotropic ] ] '' , meaning that their properties in the direction parallel to the magnetic field are different from those perpendicular to it .	magnetized plasmas are '' [ [ anisotropic ] ] '' , meaning that their properties in the direction parallel to the magnetic field is different from those perpendicular to it .
once significant levels of fatty acid accumulate within the medium , they bind to fadr , releasing it from the promoter sites , allowing for ethanol and acyl-coa to be produced and converted to faee .	once significant levels of fatty acid accumulate within the medium , they binds to fadr , releasing it from the promoter sites , allowing for ethanol and acyl-coa to be produced and converted to faee .
the serbian and hungarian names of the river carry the meaning the gold river .	the serbian and hungarian names of the river carries the meaning the gold river .
the train has a power output of and weighs .	the train have a power output of and weighs .
things like heir apparent or attorney general are just calques on the french .	things like heir apparent or attorney general is just calques on the french .
islands in the immediate vicinity include pike and fletcher islands to the east .	islands in the immediate vicinity includes pike and fletcher islands to the east .
since almost any warehouse or open space in any building can be transformed into a black box , including abandoned cafés and stores , the appeal for nonprofit and low-income artists is high .	since almost any warehouse or open space in any building can be transformed into a black box , including abandoned cafés and stores , the appeal for nonprofit and low-income artists are high .
the cornering speed of formula one cars is largely determined by the aerodynamic downforce that they generate , which pushes the car down onto the track .	the cornering speed of formula one cars are largely determined by the aerodynamic downforce that they generate , which pushes the car down onto the track .
chapters from the website include global warming , stratospheric ozone depletion , the balance of nature , modern agriculture and drinking water , and globalization and disease without borders .	chapters from the website includes global warming , stratospheric ozone depletion , the balance of nature , modern agriculture and drinking water , and globalization and disease without borders .
the species are brownish-black , and have red coloured face .	the species is brownish-black , and have red coloured face .
famous artists who recorded for the company include sandra , enigma , d .	famous artists who recorded for the company includes sandra , enigma , d .
two other chapters , an introduction and conclusion , include analyses and summaries of the ten projects that were nominated as well as all submitted projects .	two other chapters , an introduction and conclusion , includes analyses and summaries of the ten projects that were nominated as well as all submitted projects .
i think that martinphi 's statements in the paranormal request for clarification are also relevant .	i think that martinphi 's statements in the paranormal request for clarification is also relevant .
the basic themes of uranium ore genesis are host mineralogy , reduction-oxidation potential , and porosity .	the basic themes of uranium ore genesis is host mineralogy , reduction-oxidation potential , and porosity .
people in this area are enthusiastic about important international sporting events - specially in soccer and cricket .	people in this area is enthusiastic about important international sporting events - specially in soccer and cricket .
trails around the reservoir are open to the public for recreation and managed by the geauga park district .	trails around the reservoir is open to the public for recreation and managed by the geauga park district .
reference to the upload issues on commons is premature at best .	reference to the upload issues on commons are premature at best .
other than that , your continued attempts to slime me through some perceived association with a banned user , first on my user page and now here , are laughable .	other than that , your continued attempts to slime me through some perceived association with a banned user , first on my user page and now here , is laughable .
dead man 's chestthe black pearl is still being captained by jack sparrow , although his crew is not content with him ; they want to do more `` pirating '' and are upset about the hurricane .	dead man 's chestthe black pearl is still being captained by jack sparrow , although his crew are not content with him ; they want to do more `` pirating '' and are upset about the hurricane .
your editing has exhausted the patience of many editors and that is the only reason this page exists .	your editing has exhausted the patience of many editors and that is the only reason this page exist .
most children of secondary school age in the area attend marine academy plymouth ( formerly tamarside community college ) in the nearby ward of kings tamerton or bus to one of the residual grammar schools or one of the many other community colleges .	most children of secondary school age in the area attends marine academy plymouth ( formerly tamarside community college ) in the nearby ward of kings tamerton or bus to one of the residual grammar schools or one of the many other community colleges .
its purpose is to promote motorcyclists as responsible and to facilitate off road motorcycle events in the state .	its purpose are to promote motorcyclists as responsible and to facilitate off road motorcycle events in the state .
not only are there prices included , but some parts of the article are word for word copies from the julia clancey website [ 1 ] .	not only are there prices included , but some parts of the article is word for word copies from the julia clancey website [ 1 ] .
i also see that the sources add a sentence clarifying leland jr .	i also see that the sources adds a sentence clarifying leland jr .
aerial photos of site still show footprint of former school building .	aerial photos of site still shows footprint of former school building .
a well-written and highly accessible alternative is the one-volume english language translation and abridgement by prof .	a well-written and highly accessible alternative are the one-volume english language translation and abridgement by prof .
the natural habitat for this species is rivers .	the natural habitat for this species are rivers .
the reasons for this early conversion include the distance of these areas from the influence of hindu majapahit , the long trading links these areas had with indian traders who had converted to islam ( these converted indians included those from the coromandel coast and those from gujarat ) .	the reasons for this early conversion includes the distance of these areas from the influence of hindu majapahit , the long trading links these areas had with indian traders who had converted to islam ( these converted indians included those from the coromandel coast and those from gujarat ) .
professionals trained in health communication encounter a wide range of employment opportunities spanning between the public , private , and volunteer sectors and have the opportunity for a large amount of career mobility .	professionals trained in health communication encounters a wide range of employment opportunities spanning between the public , private , and volunteer sectors and have the opportunity for a large amount of career mobility .
the new church built between the two pairs of towers is the last great hall church of the upper saxon gothic style and is one of the outstanding architectural works of its days in central germany .	the new church built between the two pairs of towers are the last great hall church of the upper saxon gothic style and is one of the outstanding architectural works of its days in central germany .
the nursery now houses 94 , 000 living plants of 350 species and is the largest documented collection of arabian plants in the world .	the nursery now houses 94 , 000 living plants of 350 species and are the largest documented collection of arabian plants in the world .
his servants in that book include ariel , a winged warrior with the head of a lion who oversees the tortures of the fourth hell ; antaia , the witch queen ; balan , master of the infernal hunt ; and naamah , contessa of duplicity .	his servants in that book includes ariel , a winged warrior with the head of a lion who oversees the tortures of the fourth hell ; antaia , the witch queen ; balan , master of the infernal hunt ; and naamah , contessa of duplicity .
many questions about this timeless image remain unanswered in terms of where or whom it came from before the mid 19th century , which is not actually unusual for dugento and trecento paintings .	many questions about this timeless image remains unanswered in terms of where or whom it came from before the mid 19th century , which is not actually unusual for dugento and trecento paintings .
earth science literacy is one of the types of literacy defined for earth systems ; the qualities of an earth science literate person are representative of the qualities for all the earth system literacy definitions .	earth science literacy is one of the types of literacy defined for earth systems ; the qualities of an earth science literate person is representative of the qualities for all the earth system literacy definitions .
krishnanagar sadar subdivision is a subdivision of the nadia district in the state of west bengal , india .	krishnanagar sadar subdivision are a subdivision of the nadia district in the state of west bengal , india .
a central problem in religiously motivated ethics is the apparent tautology inherent in the concept that what is commanded by god is morally right .	a central problem in religiously motivated ethics are the apparent tautology inherent in the concept that what is commanded by god is morally right .
the sad state of other articles on models has no relevance to this afd .	the sad state of other articles on models have no relevance to this afd .
the light rail station is the 26th and final stop eastbound on the current eastside max line .	the light rail station are the 26th and final stop eastbound on the current eastside max line .
the removal of trees in infected areas has little effect as the fungus lives and grows on leaf litter on the forest floor .	the removal of trees in infected areas have little effect as the fungus lives and grows on leaf litter on the forest floor .
phil shares a psychic link with his twin brother , frank , so captain scarlet and captain blue pay a visit to the prison where frank is incarcerated , after having used his gift to pursue a life of crime .	phil shares a psychic link with his twin brother , frank , so captain scarlet and captain blue pays a visit to the prison where frank is incarcerated , after having used his gift to pursue a life of crime .
a industry source ( the daily deal ) that often includes names of individuals on transactions is not available on the web .	a industry source ( the daily deal ) that often includes names of individuals on transactions are not available on the web .
and the reliable sources establishing notability of the character independent of the series are .	and the reliable sources establishing notability of the character independent of the series is .
the discrepancy between the two versions of events exists because the guntank was seen more as a 'super robot ' genre mecha than the 'real robot ' genre mecha that the series was aiming for .	the discrepancy between the two versions of events exist because the guntank was seen more as a 'super robot ' genre mecha than the 'real robot ' genre mecha that the series was aiming for .
races shown with a pink background indicate non-formula one races .	races shown with a pink background indicates non-formula one races .
the pilaster capitals , with egg and dart molding , support the frieze .	the pilaster capitals , with egg and dart molding , supports the frieze .
officers in the rank of air marshal typically hold very senior appointments such as commander-in-chief of an air force or a large air force formation .	officers in the rank of air marshal typically holds very senior appointments such as commander-in-chief of an air force or a large air force formation .
the advantages are that it is a cheap instrument and has higher lateral resolution than optical techniques , depending on the stylus tip radius chosen .	the advantages is that it is a cheap instrument and has higher lateral resolution than optical techniques , depending on the stylus tip radius chosen .
the windows in the chancel and the vestry on its south side are 19th-century .	the windows in the chancel and the vestry on its south side is 19th-century .
each cylinder contains up to 12 .	each cylinder contain up to 12 .
one member refuses to sell property to the state , so the site is not available for public viewing .	one member refuse to sell property to the state , so the site is not available for public viewing .
keep checked up on the school notability guidelines and found that the article meets many of the notability criteria .	keep checked up on the school notability guidelines and found that the article meet many of the notability criteria .
anyway , wp policies currently allow this source to be used in this way , so until the policy is changed , i believe the editors who keep removing the content in question are in violation of wp policy .	anyway , wp policies currently allow this source to be used in this way , so until the policy is changed , i believe the editors who keep removing the content in question is in violation of wp policy .
the classical elements are a key feature of the wiccan world-view .	the classical elements is a key feature of the wiccan world-view .
classification of large numbers of stocks into categories is widespread in financial markets .	classification of large numbers of stocks into categories are widespread in financial markets .
oo gauge or oo scale ( also spelled 00 gauge and 00 scale ) model railways are the most popular standard-gauge model railway tracks in the united kingdom .	oo gauge or oo scale ( also spelled 00 gauge and 00 scale ) model railways is the most popular standard-gauge model railway tracks in the united kingdom .
philosophers who have worked in this area include bicchieri ( 1989 , 1993 ) , in ethics , some authors have attempted to pursue the project , begun by thomas hobbes , of deriving morality from self-interest .	philosophers who have worked in this area includes bicchieri ( 1989 , 1993 ) , in ethics , some authors have attempted to pursue the project , begun by thomas hobbes , of deriving morality from self-interest .
scholars today agree that athenaeus 's ulpian is not the historical ulpian , but possibly his father .	scholars today agrees that athenaeus 's ulpian is not the historical ulpian , but possibly his father .
regular events at the castle include the burgfestspiele ( castle festival ) in summer .	regular events at the castle includes the burgfestspiele ( castle festival ) in summer .
other areas of progress include improved sensors , more powerful software , advanced camera processors ( sometimes using more than one processor e .	other areas of progress includes improved sensors , more powerful software , advanced camera processors ( sometimes using more than one processor e .
reed valves , normally a leather flap covering a hole , are amongst the earliest form of automatic flow control for liquids and gases .	reed valves , normally a leather flap covering a hole , is amongst the earliest form of automatic flow control for liquids and gases .
the pnc is a text only computer so no graphical information is stored ; photos that are taken whilst in custody have information relating to their location so enquiries can be made to obtain a copy of them ) .	the pnc is a text only computer so no graphical information is stored ; photos that are taken whilst in custody has information relating to their location so enquiries can be made to obtain a copy of them ) .
her topics of interest include the history of childhood and family , networks , social interactions and reciprocity , poverty , welfare , gift-exchange and the history of the emotions .	her topics of interest includes the history of childhood and family , networks , social interactions and reciprocity , poverty , welfare , gift-exchange and the history of the emotions .
for the second time in a mere 50 years the champion for the legions of light gets into a serious bind and only prevails in the end because of major assistance from the throngs of mere mortal humans anxiously awaiting the outcome on the surface .	for the second time in a mere 50 years the champion for the legions of light get into a serious bind and only prevails in the end because of major assistance from the throngs of mere mortal humans anxiously awaiting the outcome on the surface .
the maximum shell length of this species is 100 mm , but more commonly it grows up to 75 mm .	the maximum shell length of this species are 100 mm , but more commonly it grows up to 75 mm .
the place where they meet is not obviously the same as where they are housed .	the place where they meet are not obviously the same as where they are housed .
the third and fourth volumes of his documentary survey of the international secretariat of the fourth international covering the period up to 1952 are shortly to appear .	the third and fourth volumes of his documentary survey of the international secretariat of the fourth international covering the period up to 1952 is shortly to appear .
the main roads through the neighborhood are california boulevard and pasadena avenue .	the main roads through the neighborhood is california boulevard and pasadena avenue .
the flowers of this orchid produce a bee pheromone which attracts its pollinator , vespa bicolor , a species of hornet .	the flowers of this orchid produces a bee pheromone which attracts its pollinator , vespa bicolor , a species of hornet .
mary i of england and mary i of scotland ; her co-sovereign husband is william iii and ii ( here the english number is first ) .	mary i of england and mary i of scotland ; her co-sovereign husband is william iii and ii ( here the english number are first ) .
as of 2010 the environmental movement is active in many areas , including opposition to new large-scale hydro dams , protecting conservation land from mining and preventing overuse of water resources .	as of 2010 the environmental movement are active in many areas , including opposition to new large-scale hydro dams , protecting conservation land from mining and preventing overuse of water resources .
google hits are misleadingly high at about 1200 the article says they are in bangalore .	google hits are misleadingly high at about 1200 the article say they are in bangalore .
the global movement for western men to wear skirts is there , too , because the movement is pretty much insignificant and lacks any documentation outside a few forums , so we already deleted several attempts ot pretend otherwise and prmoote these neologistic terms .	the global movement for western men to wear skirts are there , too , because the movement is pretty much insignificant and lacks any documentation outside a few forums , so we already deleted several attempts ot pretend otherwise and prmoote these neologistic terms .
maryland route 324 is the unsigned designation for maple avenue , which runs for between md 331 and the southern town limit of preston , where the highway continues as county-maintained choptank road .	maryland route 324 is the unsigned designation for maple avenue , which runs for between md 331 and the southern town limit of preston , where the highway continue as county-maintained choptank road .
maximum diameter of the posts is 4 .	maximum diameter of the posts are 4 .
for dos to state that i have discouraged her from editing others articles is unfounded and ridiculous .	for dos to state that i have discouraged her from editing others articles are unfounded and ridiculous .
a request for emergency removal of advanced permissions will be made when three or more arbitrators concur that an emergency exists and that removal of permissions is required , with no dissenting opinions from other arbitrators .	a request for emergency removal of advanced permissions will be made when three or more arbitrators concur that an emergency exist and that removal of permissions is required , with no dissenting opinions from other arbitrators .
members of the clan live in dibba al-baya , oman , but choose not to carry the clans ' name .	members of the clan lives in dibba al-baya , oman , but choose not to carry the clans ' name .
recreational facilities on campus include a multipurpose gymnasium , supplying bowling lanes , and a swimming pool ; a cafeteria , football field , track oval , and volleyball , tennis , and basketball courts .	recreational facilities on campus includes a multipurpose gymnasium , supplying bowling lanes , and a swimming pool ; a cafeteria , football field , track oval , and volleyball , tennis , and basketball courts .
the practice of sending children to other families or to schools so that they could learn together is of very long standing , recorded in classical literature and in uk records going back over a thousand years .	the practice of sending children to other families or to schools so that they could learn together are of very long standing , recorded in classical literature and in uk records going back over a thousand years .
my understanding is that he was blocked for posting a coi warning , however this is perfectly reasonable .	my understanding are that he was blocked for posting a coi warning , however this is perfectly reasonable .
the film is an internet first and many agree .	the film are an internet first and many agree .
aside from the main characters , none of the characters overlap between the 1978 and the 2003-2009 tv shows ; and only three characters overlap between the 1978 and 1980 tv shows .	aside from the main characters , none of the characters overlap between the 1978 and the 2003-2009 tv shows ; and only three characters overlaps between the 1978 and 1980 tv shows .
the terms of that interaction ban still permit me to report sockpuppets , which is what i 'm doing .	the terms of that interaction ban still permits me to report sockpuppets , which is what i 'm doing .
she tends to err on the side of honesty , and her straightforward approach to things puts her at odds with shirotsumegusa on occasion .	she tends to err on the side of honesty , and her straightforward approach to things put her at odds with shirotsumegusa on occasion .
members of the folk rock band the flying burrito brothers .	members of the folk rock bands the flying burrito brothers .
terms like art , obscenity , encyclopedic , significant coverage , neutral are all subjective to some extent .	terms like art , obscenity , encyclopedic , significant coverage , neutral is all subjective to some extent .
hecla was the richest of the separate copper mines of the keweenaw , and the towns built at the mine head reflect its productivity .	hecla was the richest of the separate copper mines of the keweenaw , and the towns built at the mine head reflects its productivity .
success of reaching people is what drives it .	success of reaching people are what drives it .
the principal is gary cornish , who has held that posision since september 1986 .	the principal are gary cornish , who has held that posision since september 1986 .
the wood is durable and heavy and is used in general carpentry .	the wood are durable and heavy and is used in general carpentry .
as of 2010 , her direct descendants continue to live at parlange plantation .	as of 2010 , her direct descendants continues to live at parlange plantation .
feature film roles include reds ( 1981 ) , mrs .	feature film roles includes reds ( 1981 ) , mrs .
poor understanding of differences in values of the participants is a common problem on forums .	poor understanding of differences in values of the participants are a common problem on forums .
thus , those schools that are lower level are often the choices left for nepalese children .	thus , those schools that are lower level is often the choices left for nepalese children .
the fact that the prisoners from each of the three transports were assigned consecutive numbers indicates that the transports were completely coordinated with the flossenbürg main camp beforehand .	the fact that the prisoners from each of the three transports were assigned consecutive numbers indicate that the transports were completely coordinated with the flossenbürg main camp beforehand .
relatively high floors beneath the standard of living of the poor and the welfare system itself are the result of 1 ) a relative shortage of labor , particularly skilled labor , which in turn led to 2 ) a powerful labor movement .	relatively high floors beneath the standard of living of the poor and the welfare system itself is the result of 1 ) a relative shortage of labor , particularly skilled labor , which in turn led to 2 ) a powerful labor movement .
portions of the source code for the client are publicly available , although users are not permitted to distribute modified versions themselves .	portions of the source code for the client is publicly available , although users are not permitted to distribute modified versions themselves .
the enhanced opportunity for direct challenges or head-to-head confrontations - not only by the opposing teams but the judges , too - guarantees a more dynamic and stimulating experience for participants and spectators alike .	the enhanced opportunity for direct challenges or head-to-head confrontations - not only by the opposing teams but the judges , too - guarantee a more dynamic and stimulating experience for participants and spectators alike .
loggerhead sea turtles observed in captivity and in the wild are most active during the day .	loggerhead sea turtles observed in captivity and in the wild is most active during the day .
disputes at the editorial level are far less problematic than those at the administrative level .	disputes at the editorial level is far less problematic than those at the administrative level .
limited parts of the city wall still remain .	limited parts of the city wall still remains .
the line of ridges crosses the connecticut river at the north end of mt .	the line of ridges cross the connecticut river at the north end of mt .
considerable fragments of his work ( dealing with lightning ) are to be found in seneca ( naturales quaestiones , ii .	considerable fragments of his work ( dealing with lightning ) is to be found in seneca ( naturales quaestiones , ii .
its finishing attack is the , where it hits the opponent with the bunpachy ball .	its finishing attack are the , where it hits the opponent with the bunpachy ball .
his biographer notes that `` neither his extant letters nor family tradition tell us of his caring for any woman outside the circle of his relations '' and that he was `` strongly attracted '' to musical and sensitive young men .	his biographer notes that `` neither his extant letters nor family tradition tells us of his caring for any woman outside the circle of his relations '' and that he was `` strongly attracted '' to musical and sensitive young men .
south of mill point road to roe highway the freeway has three lanes in each direction , without any bus lanes except for bus only ramps at the canning bridge interchange .	south of mill point road to roe highway the freeway have three lanes in each direction , without any bus lanes except for bus only ramps at the canning bridge interchange .
during bill and budd 's discourse , bill mentions an unpleasant event between the two of them that led to their falling out , but the details of this event are never explicitly mentioned .	during bill and budd 's discourse , bill mentions an unpleasant event between the two of them that led to their falling out , but the details of this event is never explicitly mentioned .
i think this interim position is certainly an honor because the institution is not going to choose someone unqualified for the position ( unless they want management problems to develop ) .	i think this interim position are certainly an honor because the institution is not going to choose someone unqualified for the position ( unless they want management problems to develop ) .
the main means of transport within the city are motorbikes , buses , taxis , and bicycles .	the main means of transport within the city is motorbikes , buses , taxis , and bicycles .
monte carlo methods , which rely on random input , are important techniques in science , as , for instance , in computational science .	monte carlo methods , which rely on random input , is important techniques in science , as , for instance , in computational science .
the only reference on the internet to them personally and not directly connected with recordings , is personal reminiscence posted on the cromarty image library , of a visit they made to cromarty in 1964 .	the only reference on the internet to them personally and not directly connected with recordings , are personal reminiscence posted on the cromarty image library , of a visit they made to cromarty in 1964 .
keep the citation cover is fairly good and professional teams take part .	keep the citation cover is fairly good and professional teams takes part .
i could find was luminosity function ) , but the human eye is most sensitive to green light , and more sensitive to red light than to blue light , but more sensitive to variations in blue than in red , giving the appearance of greater sensitivity to blue .	i could find was luminosity function ) , but the human eye are most sensitive to green light , and more sensitive to red light than to blue light , but more sensitive to variations in blue than in red , giving the appearance of greater sensitivity to blue .
consensus is the agreement that one side has `` proven '' that their interpretation of the rules , policies and guidelines most best reflects the argument on whether content should be included or removed , and the majority of parties will abide by that interpretation .	consensus is the agreement that one side has `` proven '' that their interpretation of the rules , policies and guidelines most best reflect the argument on whether content should be included or removed , and the majority of parties will abide by that interpretation .
the baby turns out to be daffy .	the baby turn out to be daffy .
artists that have exhibited in the gallery space include mark maxwell in october 2006 .	artists that have exhibited in the gallery space includes mark maxwell in october 2006 .
as infrastructure for travel and communication has improved over the years , the benefits of consolidation are under ongoing discussion .	as infrastructure for travel and communication has improved over the years , the benefits of consolidation is under ongoing discussion .
the butterflies seen toward the beginning of the year are lighter in color than those seen later and blend well with the color of early plants .	the butterflies seen toward the beginning of the year is lighter in color than those seen later and blend well with the color of early plants .
the documentary contains no original music by the white stripes .	the documentary contain no original music by the white stripes .
the last thing we should do is worry about whether we actually like what we 're consuming .	the last thing we should do are worry about whether we actually like what we 're consuming .
a notable exception is the overture to wagner 's tristan und isolde .	a notable exception are the overture to wagner 's tristan und isolde .
technologies that can be supported to enable real-time business intelligence are data visualization , data federation , enterprise information integration , enterprise application integration and service oriented architecture .	technologies that can be supported to enable real-time business intelligence is data visualization , data federation , enterprise information integration , enterprise application integration and service oriented architecture .
the marsupial lion 's limb proportions and muscle mass distribution indicate that , although it was a powerful animal , it was not a particularly fast runner .	the marsupial lion 's limb proportions and muscle mass distribution indicates that , although it was a powerful animal , it was not a particularly fast runner .
promoters of parecon hold that corporate lobbying , bribery , and propaganda campaigns enable pursuit of private profit and power and are not in the interest of the majority of citizens .	promoters of parecon hold that corporate lobbying , bribery , and propaganda campaigns enable pursuit of private profit and power and is not in the interest of the majority of citizens .
also note that several brands of radio control equipment use the band range for low power remote control of toys , from gas powered cars to miniature aircraft .	also note that several brands of radio control equipment uses the band range for low power remote control of toys , from gas powered cars to miniature aircraft .
the oxides of arsenic , antimony , and bismuth are comparable in their toxicity , but their volatilities differ widely .	the oxides of arsenic , antimony , and bismuth is comparable in their toxicity , but their volatilities differ widely .
its fields of specialist expertise include cutting edge cardiac services based in the new north west heart centre [ 1 ] .	its fields of specialist expertise includes cutting edge cardiac services based in the new north west heart centre [ 1 ] .
the general wave functions for the quantum harmonic oscillator are proportional to these eponymous polynomials , whose formulator 's name is also attached to self-adjoint matrices .	the general wave functions for the quantum harmonic oscillator is proportional to these eponymous polynomials , whose formulator 's name is also attached to self-adjoint matrices .
the guys at resource exchange have yet to fail in providing sources .	the guys at resource exchange has yet to fail in providing sources .
google hits for this expression seem to refer to the domain otakubox .	google hits for this expression seems to refer to the domain otakubox .
this chain of conjugated double bonds is also responsible for the antioxidant function of astaxanthin ( as well as other carotenoids ) as it results in a region of decentralized electrons that can be donated to reduce a reactive oxidizing molecule .	this chain of conjugated double bonds are also responsible for the antioxidant function of astaxanthin ( as well as other carotenoids ) as it results in a region of decentralized electrons that can be donated to reduce a reactive oxidizing molecule .
the vectors in this tangent space are different from the vectors of the vector manifold .	the vectors in this tangent space is different from the vectors of the vector manifold .
older adults who engage in sexual activity , intimacy , and companionship tend to be more satisfied with life .	older adults who engage in sexual activity , intimacy , and companionship tends to be more satisfied with life .
the most common tree species ( in density and frequency ) are the mallotus multiglandulosus ( kamala tree ) and colona serratifolia , followed by clausena brevistyla and alstonia scholaris ( blackboard tree ) .	the most common tree species ( in density and frequency ) is the mallotus multiglandulosus ( kamala tree ) and colona serratifolia , followed by clausena brevistyla and alstonia scholaris ( blackboard tree ) .
some factors a court may consider when deciding whether police have induced the offence include the type of crime being investigated , whether an average person would have been induced , the persistence and number of attempts made by the police , the type of inducement used ( e .	some factors a court may consider when deciding whether police have induced the offence includes the type of crime being investigated , whether an average person would have been induced , the persistence and number of attempts made by the police , the type of inducement used ( e .
in the case of the dual of a regular triangular antiprism the kites are rhombi , hence these trapezohedra are also zonohedra .	in the case of the dual of a regular triangular antiprism the kites is rhombi , hence these trapezohedra are also zonohedra .
the pronoun system of suki is somewhat unique in the world , though quite typical for a language of new guinea , in that the pronouns for 2nd singular and 1st plural are homophonous .	the pronoun system of suki is somewhat unique in the world , though quite typical for a language of new guinea , in that the pronouns for 2nd singular and 1st plural is homophonous .
today very few open arc lights remain in operation , primarily in a few lighthouses and some industrial uses .	today very few open arc lights remains in operation , primarily in a few lighthouses and some industrial uses .
flowers on the periphery are zygomorphic and the corolla has one large lobe ( the so-called `` petals '' of a daisy are individual ray flowers , for example ) .	flowers on the periphery is zygomorphic and the corolla has one large lobe ( the so-called `` petals '' of a daisy are individual ray flowers , for example ) .
careers in law , business , education , and government appear to be common occupations for those that later decide to enter public office .	careers in law , business , education , and government appears to be common occupations for those that later decide to enter public office .
other issues regarding crime mapping also include interpretation and applications of different spatial analysis tools .	other issues regarding crime mapping also includes interpretation and applications of different spatial analysis tools .
the concentration of structures like pavilions , stables and towers suggests they were for use by royalty .	the concentration of structures like pavilions , stables and towers suggest they were for use by royalty .
they are both necessary to ensure that the argument as a whole retains logical validity .	they are both necessary to ensure that the argument as a whole retain logical validity .
the trait for blue eyes in humans is [ [ recessive ] ] , so any blue eyed-person must be '''bb''' in genotype .	the trait for blue eyes in humans are [ [ recessive ] ] , so any blue eyed-person must be '''bb''' in genotype .
many modern english translations of the text are available .	many modern english translations of the text is available .
each party also elects a whip , who works to ensure that the party 's members vote as the party leadership desires .	each party also elects a whip , who works to ensure that the party 's members votes as the party leadership desires .
personal standards of notability go against everything this encyclopaedia stands for .	personal standards of notability goes against everything this encyclopaedia stands for .
obviously , if bots go around and subst those templates , the bot 's talk page will be linked instead .	obviously , if bots goes around and subst those templates , the bot 's talk page will be linked instead .
other areas of his work include accountability issues pertaining to the behavior of economic advisors in the arena of international economic development .	other areas of his work includes accountability issues pertaining to the behavior of economic advisors in the arena of international economic development .
variations of propeller layout include contra-rotating propellers and ducted fans .	variations of propeller layout includes contra-rotating propellers and ducted fans .
a complete set of characters and corresponding integers is a coded character set .	a complete set of characters and corresponding integers are a coded character set .
new forms include partnering such as public-private partnering ( ppps ) aka private finance initiatives ( pfis ) and alliances such as `` pure '' or `` project '' alliances and `` impure '' or `` strategic '' alliances .	new forms includes partnering such as public-private partnering ( ppps ) aka private finance initiatives ( pfis ) and alliances such as `` pure '' or `` project '' alliances and `` impure '' or `` strategic '' alliances .
modern microwave ovens have been designed to prevent damage to the cavity magnetron tube from microwave energy reflection , and aluminium packages designed for microwave heating are available .	modern microwave ovens have been designed to prevent damage to the cavity magnetron tube from microwave energy reflection , and aluminium packages designed for microwave heating is available .
alcoholic beverages appear in the bible , though drunkenness is condemned ( by the stories of noah and lot ) .	alcoholic beverages appears in the bible , though drunkenness is condemned ( by the stories of noah and lot ) .
the ballad is about coming home for the first time without a partner being there after a break up .	the ballad are about coming home for the first time without a partner being there after a break up .
all 5 edits produced identically the same version of the article , therefore the last 4 are reverts .	all 5 edits produced identically the same version of the article , therefore the last 4 is reverts .
the resulting combination of struts and wires is a quite rigid , box girder-like structure independent of its fuselage mountings .	the resulting combination of struts and wires are a quite rigid , box girder-like structure independent of its fuselage mountings .
the numerous warnings on the creator 's talk page strongly suggest an attempt by the user to promote their own work both here and elsewhere .	the numerous warnings on the creator 's talk page strongly suggests an attempt by the user to promote their own work both here and elsewhere .
bituminous coal deposits in the eastern coal field are lower in sulfur content , averaging between 1 and 2 percent by weight .	bituminous coal deposits in the eastern coal field is lower in sulfur content , averaging between 1 and 2 percent by weight .
private railways that operated any section of line in revenue service are notable .	private railways that operated any section of line in revenue service is notable .
although , her carefree attitude leaves no other choice for ahmer but to educate her by strict behavior as he believe a doctor 's life demands a lot more seriousness than what zoya demonstrate .	although , her carefree attitude leaves no other choice for ahmer but to educate her by strict behavior as he believe a doctor 's life demand a lot more seriousness than what zoya demonstrate .
the gospel has a parallel to a quotation in a mid-2nd-century homily known as 2 clement , suggesting that both may be dependent on a harmonizing tradition from an earlier 2nd century source .	the gospel have a parallel to a quotation in a mid-2nd-century homily known as 2 clement , suggesting that both may be dependent on a harmonizing tradition from an earlier 2nd century source .
examples of an elevator test tower are the express lift tower in northampton , england , and the shibayama test tower in shibayama , japan , which is also the world 's tallest at 154 metres .	examples of an elevator test tower is the express lift tower in northampton , england , and the shibayama test tower in shibayama , japan , which is also the world 's tallest at 154 metres .
i can think of circumstances where hidden comments , if they are conservative in quantity and in tone , are appropriate ( see [ [ jesus ] ] ) .	i can think of circumstances where hidden comments , if they are conservative in quantity and in tone , is appropriate ( see [ [ jesus ] ] ) .
brian ferneyhough coined the neologisms `` too-muchness '' and `` too-littleness '' to describe the poles between which writings about aesthetic perception tend to swing ( ferneyhough 1995 , 117 ) .	brian ferneyhough coined the neologisms `` too-muchness '' and `` too-littleness '' to describe the poles between which writings about aesthetic perception tends to swing ( ferneyhough 1995 , 117 ) .
for a bevel gear , different definitions for effective face width are applicable .	for a bevel gear , different definitions for effective face width is applicable .
the origins of the town 's name are somewhat uncertain .	the origins of the town 's name is somewhat uncertain .
space required is primarily for its operational data and executable files .	space required are primarily for its operational data and executable files .
the official school colors of the university are green and pink , representative of north dakota 's state flower , the wild prairie rose ; however , this combination is rarely employed outside of official or ceremonial applications .	the official school colors of the university is green and pink , representative of north dakota 's state flower , the wild prairie rose ; however , this combination is rarely employed outside of official or ceremonial applications .
there has been much more information come to light in the media regarding the entire bixby family , and their side of the story , and basic facts of the case are now readily available from neutral sites around the web ( not just splc or patriot sites ) .	there has been much more information come to light in the media regarding the entire bixby family , and their side of the story , and basic facts of the case is now readily available from neutral sites around the web ( not just splc or patriot sites ) .
perhaps the best known builder of these more luxurious vessels is pachoud yachts from new zealand .	perhaps the best known builder of these more luxurious vessels are pachoud yachts from new zealand .
other tales of this type include the firebird and princess vasilisa , ferdinand the faithful and ferdinand the unfaithful , king fortunatus 's golden wig , and the mermaid and the boy .	other tales of this type includes the firebird and princess vasilisa , ferdinand the faithful and ferdinand the unfaithful , king fortunatus 's golden wig , and the mermaid and the boy .
the main advantages of the central load carrying backbone tube are its high torsion and bend strength , which protects the truck body against load stresses .	the main advantages of the central load carrying backbone tube is its high torsion and bend strength , which protects the truck body against load stresses .
the united nations system ( including its agencies , which comprise the most recognizable international bodies such as the world bank and many others ) has a relatively standardized form of limited immunities for staff traveling on u .	the united nations system ( including its agencies , which comprise the most recognizable international bodies such as the world bank and many others ) have a relatively standardized form of limited immunities for staff traveling on u .
the episode is the very first disney junior crossover .	the episode are the very first disney junior crossover .
secondly , rivalries of this nature , especially at the high school level , are simply not notable .	secondly , rivalries of this nature , especially at the high school level , is simply not notable .
noleander to whom he was responding , and it is a deep concern of mine when administrators tell other editors that some members of the editing community are more valued than others .	noleander to whom he was responding , and it is a deep concern of mine when administrators tell other editors that some members of the editing community is more valued than others .
the test articulated in o'brien has been subsequently used by the court to analyze whether laws that have the effect of regulating speech , though are ostensibly neutral towards the content of that speech , violate the first amendment .	the test articulated in o'brien has been subsequently used by the court to analyze whether laws that have the effect of regulating speech , though is ostensibly neutral towards the content of that speech , violate the first amendment .
the steps leading to the prayer chamber and its plinth are in variegated marble .	the steps leading to the prayer chamber and its plinth is in variegated marble .
local legend says that the village originated when people built a new settlement after abandoning the destroyed village of merades , located within godall 's municipal term .	local legend say that the village originated when people built a new settlement after abandoning the destroyed village of merades , located within godall 's municipal term .
i think the problem is that every sentence with the exception of the third sounds or is promotional .	i think the problem are that every sentence with the exception of the third sounds or is promotional .
the states most affected by drought , as measured by the agricultural area affected by drought , are chihuahua , mexico and zacatecas .	the states most affected by drought , as measured by the agricultural area affected by drought , is chihuahua , mexico and zacatecas .
the officers in the unit are physically superior and are required to pass stringent testing ; they are also firearms authorised .	the officers in the unit is physically superior and are required to pass stringent testing ; they are also firearms authorised .
famous tourist attractions in the city center include puyong pavilion , the haeju dharani monument , the haeju sokbinggo , and several trees classified as living monuments .	famous tourist attractions in the city center includes puyong pavilion , the haeju dharani monument , the haeju sokbinggo , and several trees classified as living monuments .
simple boxes made of pine or plywood are generally preferable to plastic , styrofoam , or other man made materials because the joints allow better drainage and aeration of the soil .	simple boxes made of pine or plywood is generally preferable to plastic , styrofoam , or other man made materials because the joints allow better drainage and aeration of the soil .
the capabilities involved in value chain management are very much interlinked and overlapping .	the capabilities involved in value chain management is very much interlinked and overlapping .
individuals affected by this condition have a fault in their 'alpha-sarcoglycan ' gene which contains the instructions for a protein which is essential for muscle function .	individuals affected by this condition has a fault in their 'alpha-sarcoglycan ' gene which contains the instructions for a protein which is essential for muscle function .
the formal parts of the building are very grand , particularly if compared to the almost domestic scale of blacket 's contemporary st paul 's college .	the formal parts of the building is very grand , particularly if compared to the almost domestic scale of blacket 's contemporary st paul 's college .
departures upward or downward from the guideline range are appropriate for cases that deviate from the heartland of cases .	departures upward or downward from the guideline range is appropriate for cases that deviate from the heartland of cases .
the sum of the lengths of the lines is a fixed value , regardless of the position of the point .	the sum of the lengths of the lines are a fixed value , regardless of the position of the point .
google hits on his name are sparse .	google hits on his name is sparse .
lack of conflicts between bots and editors makes it very hard to generalise .	lack of conflicts between bots and editors make it very hard to generalise .
the details of the boiler system and electrical power plant are unknown .	the details of the boiler system and electrical power plant is unknown .
yank is very depressed and the other men try to understand why .	yank is very depressed and the other men tries to understand why .
this 2008 survey , which obtained responses from 2500 men and women between 18 and 74 , is now also published in english .	this 2008 survey , which obtained responses from 2500 men and women between 18 and 74 , are now also published in english .
a typical voip gateway has interfaces to both ip networks and public switched telephone network ( pstn ) or pots ( plain old telephone service ) telephone services .	a typical voip gateway have interfaces to both ip networks and public switched telephone network ( pstn ) or pots ( plain old telephone service ) telephone services .
then i say that any article has a bit promotional tone .	then i say that any article have a bit promotional tone .
i think i have learned that the people who do work for the project often do so in relation to other interests .	i think i have learned that the people who do work for the project often does so in relation to other interests .
the sound effects achieved with the instrument are similar to the sounds that can be achieved with the 3rd bridge playing technique .	the sound effects achieved with the instrument is similar to the sounds that can be achieved with the 3rd bridge playing technique .
pyuthan , rolpa and salyan districts are in the middle hills extending north from the crest of the mahabharat range .	pyuthan , rolpa and salyan districts is in the middle hills extending north from the crest of the mahabharat range .
the lack of images for many of the bridges makes the table spacing irregular .	the lack of images for many of the bridges make the table spacing irregular .
other members of the consortium include awwa .	other members of the consortium includes awwa .
nina lübbren in particular has argued that the strategies employed in producing a work of art present a false picture and are chiefly aimed at satisfying market preconceptions .	nina lübbren in particular has argued that the strategies employed in producing a work of art present a false picture and is chiefly aimed at satisfying market preconceptions .
most buses today in service are of the orion orion v or vii models .	most buses today in service is of the orion orion v or vii models .
in the us , prohibition had a major impact on hops productions , but remnants of this significant industry in west and northwest are still noticeable in the form of old hop kilns that survive throughout sonoma county , among others .	in the us , prohibition had a major impact on hops productions , but remnants of this significant industry in west and northwest is still noticeable in the form of old hop kilns that survive throughout sonoma county , among others .
thus , students are able to complete a year 's worth of chemistry , physics , and math in only a semester and a half .	thus , students is able to complete a year 's worth of chemistry , physics , and math in only a semester and a half .
delete search engine results return a lot of myspace and youtube videos , insufficient for establishing notablity .	delete search engine results returns a lot of myspace and youtube videos , insufficient for establishing notablity .
considering the topic , the absence of secondary sources references is not unexpected and is therefore not of major concern .	considering the topic , the absence of secondary sources references are not unexpected and is therefore not of major concern .
arguments that my proposed definition of the subject constitute original research are simply an avoidance of the challenge .	arguments that my proposed definition of the subject constitute original research is simply an avoidance of the challenge .
supermoto bikes , in their racing form , are extreme machines .	supermoto bikes , in their racing form , is extreme machines .
he is pretty laid-back , and kind of acts and talks like he is never enthusiastic about very many things , except for his friend max when they are working together to achieve something .	he is pretty laid-back , and kind of acts and talks like he are never enthusiastic about very many things , except for his friend max when they are working together to achieve something .
several edit wars has been recently looming and the article carries their consequences to this day with different pieces being poved in different direction , as usually happends following the edit wars .	several edit wars has been recently looming and the article carry their consequences to this day with different pieces being poved in different direction , as usually happends following the edit wars .
any two mirrors with the same parallel direction and the same distance apart give the same translation , so long as they are used in the correct order .	any two mirrors with the same parallel direction and the same distance apart gives the same translation , so long as they are used in the correct order .
the original benches , water fountain and sink are still in the waiting room along with an original heating grate .	the original benches , water fountain and sink is still in the waiting room along with an original heating grate .
flood waters used to enter the agriculture land , leave their silt , which are quite fertile and go back to the river .	flood waters used to enter the agriculture land , leaves their silt , which are quite fertile and go back to the river .
a chronicle of media circuses from prior years becomes more valuable , not less , as they fade from popular memory .	a chronicle of media circuses from prior years become more valuable , not less , as they fade from popular memory .
his contributions in statistical method and probability are very important , as well as to researches in the demographic and sociological fields .	his contributions in statistical method and probability is very important , as well as to researches in the demographic and sociological fields .
pictures of the cotton press at its original location show a rectangular open shed with a steep hip roof .	pictures of the cotton press at its original location shows a rectangular open shed with a steep hip roof .
a unique property of nuclear receptors that differentiates them from other classes of receptors is their ability to directly interact with and control the expression of genomic dna .	a unique property of nuclear receptors that differentiates them from other classes of receptors are their ability to directly interact with and control the expression of genomic dna .
the possibility that they are three separate individuals in three separate locations is as , if not much more , plausible as the possibility that they are one person operating through open proxies .	the possibility that they are three separate individuals in three separate locations are as , if not much more , plausible as the possibility that they are one person operating through open proxies .
other ships launched this year ( all with date of launch unknown ) include ss amrum , ss ilse l m russ and ss siegmund .	other ships launched this year ( all with date of launch unknown ) includes ss amrum , ss ilse l m russ and ss siegmund .
the list of photo credits for photos other than those taken by life photographers is on page 27 .	the list of photo credits for photos other than those taken by life photographers are on page 27 .
the main police powers of entry without warrant are the common law power to enter to prevent a breach of the peace and those under section 17 of the police and criminal evidence act 1984 .	the main police powers of entry without warrant is the common law power to enter to prevent a breach of the peace and those under section 17 of the police and criminal evidence act 1984 .
the problem for historians and jurists is that leaders and their agents try , usually with considerable success , to cover up their crimes and to destroy the evidence .	the problem for historians and jurists are that leaders and their agents try , usually with considerable success , to cover up their crimes and to destroy the evidence .
the list of names is questionable , mixing up familiar names like kajillion and bazillion with unfamiliar ones for which no source is given , without distinction .	the list of names are questionable , mixing up familiar names like kajillion and bazillion with unfamiliar ones for which no source is given , without distinction .
also , the narrow attention to militia articles is remarkable .	also , the narrow attention to militia articles are remarkable .
shrinking cities at the metropolitan area level or the urban area level are far less frequently occurring .	shrinking cities at the metropolitan area level or the urban area level is far less frequently occurring .
the argument that people that one disagrees with are censors is a propaganda technique that the institute for propaganda analysis classifies as name-calling .	the argument that people that one disagrees with are censors are a propaganda technique that the institute for propaganda analysis classifies as name-calling .
this demanding course is the foundation for all further training .	this demanding course are the foundation for all further training .
dryer , stackable substrates , such as food and yard waste , are suitable for digestion in tunnel-like chambers .	dryer , stackable substrates , such as food and yard waste , is suitable for digestion in tunnel-like chambers .
the combination of the articles about these two people makes no sense .	the combination of the articles about these two people make no sense .
i am unsure what the community 's consensus is on whether the templates ліонкінг and tuscumbia are edit warring over should be included in these articles and on which iteration of the statements and references being reverted over is the most appropriate for inclusion .	i am unsure what the community 's consensus is on whether the templates ліонкінг and tuscumbia are edit warring over should be included in these articles and on which iteration of the statements and references being reverted over are the most appropriate for inclusion .
normal ceramic tiles and a liner backing have a mass-efficiency ( em ) value of 3 compared to normal steel armour , while it fulfills stanag 4569 .	normal ceramic tiles and a liner backing has a mass-efficiency ( em ) value of 3 compared to normal steel armour , while it fulfills stanag 4569 .
the current lifeboats on station are the trent class samarbeta and the b class seahorse iv .	the current lifeboats on station is the trent class samarbeta and the b class seahorse iv .
also , constructions like char ( x ) are valid for casting variable types .	also , constructions like char ( x ) is valid for casting variable types .
the second version is a limited edition version that comes in a coffin box .	the second version are a limited edition version that comes in a coffin box .
minimal context , no references , reads like an advertisement .	minimal context , no references , read like an advertisement .
the article brings to bear scholarly work and academic perspectives on policy issues that are of broad concern .	the article bring to bear scholarly work and academic perspectives on policy issues that are of broad concern .
meanwhile the battle between the girls and boys leads to several casualties with molotov cocktails and rapid-fire nail-guns , and the parents get angry at the children for the conflict .	meanwhile the battle between the girls and boys lead to several casualties with molotov cocktails and rapid-fire nail-guns , and the parents get angry at the children for the conflict .
it is usually a day that the legislature , parliament , congress , or sovereign has declared by statute , edict , or decree as a non-working day when the official arms of government such as the court system are closed .	it is usually a day that the legislature , parliament , congress , or sovereign has declared by statute , edict , or decree as a non-working day when the official arms of government such as the court system is closed .
though except these cruel behaviors , among them they show very disciplined public life where duty of every individuals is very strict .	though except these cruel behaviors , among them they show very disciplined public life where duty of every individuals are very strict .
sify gave a `` disappointing '' verdict stated `` the director fails to give pawan kalyan a strong identity other than that of being a man friday for a don .	sify gave a `` disappointing '' verdict stated `` the director fail to give pawan kalyan a strong identity other than that of being a man friday for a don .
large areas of level land are rare .	large areas of level land is rare .
large quantities of seaweed as well as lime and marl are available for manure .	large quantities of seaweed as well as lime and marl is available for manure .
the father and son were struck a cruel blow when honda 's arm injury prevents him from continuing his baseball career as a pitcher .	the father and son were struck a cruel blow when honda 's arm injury prevent him from continuing his baseball career as a pitcher .
hunolt 's great collection of sermons is still widely used .	hunolt 's great collection of sermons are still widely used .
squalene synthase inhibitors that have been investigated for use in the prevention of cardiovascular disease include tak-475 , zaragozic acid , and rpr 107393 .	squalene synthase inhibitors that have been investigated for use in the prevention of cardiovascular disease includes tak-475 , zaragozic acid , and rpr 107393 .
hanging lines in the field of sausage production are auxiliary devices for linking and hanging portions of sausage .	hanging lines in the field of sausage production is auxiliary devices for linking and hanging portions of sausage .
factors that affect a nation 's income include the nation 's technology level , infrastructure level , resources available , war readiness , soldier count , position in a color team , and inter-color team trading , as well as many 'hidden factors ' .	factors that affect a nation 's income includes the nation 's technology level , infrastructure level , resources available , war readiness , soldier count , position in a color team , and inter-color team trading , as well as many 'hidden factors ' .
not surprisingly , crannogs have useful defensive properties , although there appears to be more significance to prehistoric use than simple defense as very few weapons or evidence for destruction appear in excavations of prehistoric crannogs .	not surprisingly , crannogs have useful defensive properties , although there appears to be more significance to prehistoric use than simple defense as very few weapons or evidence for destruction appears in excavations of prehistoric crannogs .
right now the basic pattern of facts is that she asked for a very broad restraining order while making a certain set of assertions and lost .	right now the basic pattern of facts are that she asked for a very broad restraining order while making a certain set of assertions and lost .
the concentration of photosynthetic structures in leaves requires that they be richer in protein , minerals , and sugars , than say , woody stem tissues .	the concentration of photosynthetic structures in leaves require that they be richer in protein , minerals , and sugars , than say , woody stem tissues .
it should be noted that the legal coming of age often does not correspond with the sudden realization of autonomy ; many adolescents who have legally reached adult age are still dependent on their guardians or peers for emotional and financial support .	it should be noted that the legal coming of age often does not correspond with the sudden realization of autonomy ; many adolescents who have legally reached adult age is still dependent on their guardians or peers for emotional and financial support .
the other southeast alaskan communities with road access are haines and hyder .	the other southeast alaskan communities with road access is haines and hyder .
the cards in carol 's hand are q-q-6-4 .	the cards in carol 's hand is q-q-6-4 .
speakers that can be heard in the final scene are lloyd , the delivery guy ( trying to remember where he parked his truck ) , dr .	speakers that can be heard in the final scene is lloyd , the delivery guy ( trying to remember where he parked his truck ) , dr .
other notable members of staff include the bibliographer henry bradshaw and the uranian poet charles edward sayle , author of a history of the library .	other notable members of staff includes the bibliographer henry bradshaw and the uranian poet charles edward sayle , author of a history of the library .
players draw letter tiles until they each have seven tiles .	players draws letter tiles until they each have seven tiles .
from experimentation , scientists have seen that the sugar apple oil ( and other natural oils ) has the same strength as insecticides but with the benefit of not causing pollution .	from experimentation , scientists have seen that the sugar apple oil ( and other natural oils ) have the same strength as insecticides but with the benefit of not causing pollution .
journey times to the city centre are under 10 minutes and services are provided by first scotrail .	journey times to the city centre is under 10 minutes and services are provided by first scotrail .
germanyi would appreciate feedback on what specific aspects of this article need to be improved .	germanyi would appreciate feedback on what specific aspects of this article needs to be improved .
as a result , contemporary accounts of his life , particularly his childhood and youth , are virtually non-existent .	as a result , contemporary accounts of his life , particularly his childhood and youth , is virtually non-existent .
the electrode at which reduction ( a gain of electrons ) occurs .	the electrode at which reduction ( a gain of electrons ) occur .
risk factors for elevated lead exposure include alcohol consumption and smoking ( possibly because of contamination of tobacco leaves with lead-containing pesticides ) .	risk factors for elevated lead exposure includes alcohol consumption and smoking ( possibly because of contamination of tobacco leaves with lead-containing pesticides ) .
the situations where increased knowledge fails to enhance experience are those where knowledge is faulty or incomplete or misleading , all of which can lead to a correspondingly flawed experience or flawed understanding .	the situations where increased knowledge fails to enhance experience is those where knowledge is faulty or incomplete or misleading , all of which can lead to a correspondingly flawed experience or flawed understanding .
the same object , when measured on the moon where the forces of gravity are entirely different , will be something else .	the same object , when measured on the moon where the forces of gravity is entirely different , will be something else .
the academic disciplines examining the art and science of intelligence analysis are most routinely referred to as `` intelligence studies '' , and exemplified by institutions such as the joint military intelligence college and mercyhurst college institute for intelligence studies .	the academic disciplines examining the art and science of intelligence analysis is most routinely referred to as `` intelligence studies '' , and exemplified by institutions such as the joint military intelligence college and mercyhurst college institute for intelligence studies .
the reason why people have mentioned your comments is because you are expected to be able to justify your actions , and to do so in a calm , reasonable way .	the reason why people have mentioned your comments are because you are expected to be able to justify your actions , and to do so in a calm , reasonable way .
the bridge crosses diagonally over an older , now single-tracked railroad-only bridge carrying the grand junction line .	the bridge cross diagonally over an older , now single-tracked railroad-only bridge carrying the grand junction line .
i am not entirely sure what the requirements for blurring the screen on a photo of a mobile device are .	i am not entirely sure what the requirements for blurring the screen on a photo of a mobile device is .
the locations that the police mapped out served as a basis for the police interrogation and are therefore likely to be thoroughly examined by police forensic technicians .	the locations that the police mapped out served as a basis for the police interrogation and is therefore likely to be thoroughly examined by police forensic technicians .
in some rural communities , the local cadre strictly enforces the one child policy , so some couples who already have a child give their second one to a childless couple .	in some rural communities , the local cadre strictly enforces the one child policy , so some couples who already have a child gives their second one to a childless couple .
in one letter he declares , `` it is now apparent that the forces behind the railway and the construction company are one and the same .	in one letter he declares , `` it is now apparent that the forces behind the railway and the construction company is one and the same .
drones fired from a control chair require a zpm for normal operation , though a mark ii naqahdah generator set on a controlled overload can provide the necessary power ( but will fail after three uses ) .	drones fired from a control chair requires a zpm for normal operation , though a mark ii naqahdah generator set on a controlled overload can provide the necessary power ( but will fail after three uses ) .
the amount of soft dollars institutional funds use is quite high ( estimated in 2007 to be in excess of 11 billion dollars ) .	the amount of soft dollars institutional funds use are quite high ( estimated in 2007 to be in excess of 11 billion dollars ) .
sources that on the surface only discuss only one incident , in fact note the existence of trends , antisemitic canards , etc .	sources that on the surface only discuss only one incident , in fact notes the existence of trends , antisemitic canards , etc .
if any of the sender or recipients , even recipients of an expanded distribution list , have their journaling setting enabled , then the e-mail is journaled .	if any of the sender or recipients , even recipients of an expanded distribution list , has their journaling setting enabled , then the e-mail is journaled .
brahmagupta 's formula [ 10 ] brahmagupta and this man name a theorem which states that the product of two numbers which are sums of two squares is itself the sums of two squares .	brahmagupta 's formula [ 10 ] brahmagupta and this man name a theorem which states that the product of two numbers which are sums of two squares are itself the sums of two squares .
both firms trace their roots back to sofinnova sa , an investment institution founded in paris in 1972 .	both firms traces their roots back to sofinnova sa , an investment institution founded in paris in 1972 .
students in the occupational therapy program have close interaction with faculty throughout the entire program and continue to receive support as peers from faculty after graduation .	students in the occupational therapy program has close interaction with faculty throughout the entire program and continue to receive support as peers from faculty after graduation .
the station is now an all gospel station , owned by davis broadcasting , which also owns weam fm and other area stations .	the station are now an all gospel station , owned by davis broadcasting , which also owns weam fm and other area stations .
it seems that no fair use case can possibly succeed , if the people in the photo are still alive .	it seems that no fair use case can possibly succeed , if the people in the photo is still alive .
witt vectors of k ( that gives back x on reduction mod p ) , then take the de rham cohomology of this lift .	witt vectors of k ( that gives back x on reduction mod p ) , then takes the de rham cohomology of this lift .
however , when distractor tasks are placed before and after each item , the recency effect returns , because all the list items once again have similar processing context .	however , when distractor tasks are placed before and after each item , the recency effect returns , because all the list items once again has similar processing context .
only very few characters on this list are actually part of the main story , and only those can be kept with a rationale that they would be essential to good coverage of the game .	only very few characters on this list is actually part of the main story , and only those can be kept with a rationale that they would be essential to good coverage of the game .
no legal threats '' does not mean , of course , that claims of copyright infringement are not to be made .	no legal threats '' does not mean , of course , that claims of copyright infringement is not to be made .
all landing craft designs ( and landing ship designs for ships intended to beach ) must find a compromise between two divergent priorities ; the qualities that make a good sea boat are opposite those that make a craft suitable for beaching .	all landing craft designs ( and landing ship designs for ships intended to beach ) must find a compromise between two divergent priorities ; the qualities that make a good sea boat is opposite those that make a craft suitable for beaching .
institutes of technology are simply one of these but they deal specifically in the technilogical studies , and a vocational school teaches you a trade like welding or automechanics .	institutes of technology is simply one of these but they deal specifically in the technilogical studies , and a vocational school teaches you a trade like welding or automechanics .
allegheny county , pennsylvania is a major county with population over a million , and political leaders in a jurisdiction of that size are likely to have substantial news coverage .	allegheny county , pennsylvania is a major county with population over a million , and political leaders in a jurisdiction of that size is likely to have substantial news coverage .
all stages of fruit development of citrus are susceptible to a false codling moth infestation .	all stages of fruit development of citrus is susceptible to a false codling moth infestation .
ospf and bgp maintain internal databases of candidate routes which are promoted when a route fails or when a routing policy is changed .	ospf and bgp maintain internal databases of candidate routes which are promoted when a route fail or when a routing policy is changed .
then the question is substantiality because drizzt dourden is a fictional character that is only notable by a series of books written about him .	then the question are substantiality because drizzt dourden is a fictional character that is only notable by a series of books written about him .
as joker begins loading the kryptonite onto a cart , the explosive pies go off , forcing them to retreat back to the mobile lab , which is picked up by lex 's helicopter .	as joker begins loading the kryptonite onto a cart , the explosive pies goes off , forcing them to retreat back to the mobile lab , which is picked up by lex 's helicopter .
much like female erectile response , male erectile response is involuntary , meaning that a man need not be aroused for his penis to become erect and be placed in a woman 's vagina ; mechanical stimulation is all that is necessary .	much like female erectile response , male erectile response are involuntary , meaning that a man need not be aroused for his penis to become erect and be placed in a woman 's vagina ; mechanical stimulation is all that is necessary .
the cdc suspects , however , that the total number of deaths in the us is much higher than the official total , as some deaths probably went unconfirmed .	the cdc suspects , however , that the total number of deaths in the us are much higher than the official total , as some deaths probably went unconfirmed .
comment whether or not you think the car is ugly is irrelevant .	comment whether or not you think the car are ugly is irrelevant .
he ] gave them leave to bury whom they pleased of the persians , and to make use for this purpose what garments and furniture they thought fit out of the booty .	he ] gave them leave to bury whom they pleased of the persians , and to make use for this purpose what garments and furniture they thought fits out of the booty .
in the first books of the series , she is a fifteen-year-old girl with unusual maturity ( though the other girls in her boarding school find her somewhat priggish ) .	in the first books of the series , she is a fifteen-year-old girl with unusual maturity ( though the other girls in her boarding school finds her somewhat priggish ) .
i have n't looked through all of the dispute , but notice that the article history shows you , deathrow , repeatedly calling hammertime2005 a `` nazi '' .	i have n't looked through all of the dispute , but notice that the article history show you , deathrow , repeatedly calling hammertime2005 a `` nazi '' .
all spots are now available for video streaming or downloading from the internet .	all spots is now available for video streaming or downloading from the internet .
the lower section of the eagle ford consists of organic-rich , pyritic , and fossiliferous marine shales which mark the maximum flooding surface , or the deepest water during eagle ford deposition .	the lower section of the eagle ford consist of organic-rich , pyritic , and fossiliferous marine shales which mark the maximum flooding surface , or the deepest water during eagle ford deposition .
sections of the mulberry harbour still sit in the sea at arromanches .	sections of the mulberry harbour still sits in the sea at arromanches .
records of the army 's stay at that time seem to indicate that the fort had already been razed .	records of the army 's stay at that time seems to indicate that the fort had already been razed .
severe local storms - these are short-fused , small-scale hazardous weather or hydrologic events produced by thunderstorms , including large hail , damaging winds , tornadoes , and flash floods .	severe local storms - these is short-fused , small-scale hazardous weather or hydrologic events produced by thunderstorms , including large hail , damaging winds , tornadoes , and flash floods .
the dimensions given on the image page are 125 x 105 .	the dimensions given on the image page is 125 x 105 .
proponents of the trade say growth of internet access is a stronger correlation to trade than poverty .	proponents of the trade says growth of internet access is a stronger correlation to trade than poverty .
the fatalities for the accident include 8 crew members and 26 passengers .	the fatalities for the accident includes 8 crew members and 26 passengers .
my concern is the speed with which it was put into afd with no warning to the author .	my concern are the speed with which it was put into afd with no warning to the author .
lindelöf theorem guarantees a unique solution on some interval containing t0 if ƒ is continuous on a region containing t0 and y0 and satisfies the lipschitz condition on the variable y .	lindelöf theorem guarantee a unique solution on some interval containing t0 if ƒ is continuous on a region containing t0 and y0 and satisfies the lipschitz condition on the variable y .
a lawsuit alleges that the bridge was closed due to racism against the largely african-american evacuees , while the city maintains that they had no facilities or manpower to serve the evacuees .	a lawsuit allege that the bridge was closed due to racism against the largely african-american evacuees , while the city maintains that they had no facilities or manpower to serve the evacuees .
again , james was a bit brusque , but people tend to get annoyed if they feel someone is trying to `` force '' an article forward and ignoring critique and advice about it .	again , james was a bit brusque , but people tends to get annoyed if they feel someone is trying to `` force '' an article forward and ignoring critique and advice about it .
alternative mechanisms , such as the optimal search rate hypothesis both propose that there is a tradeoff between search time and the probability of detecting prey .	alternative mechanisms , such as the optimal search rate hypothesis both proposes that there is a tradeoff between search time and the probability of detecting prey .
as far as i know , the information in the books is incomplete , making this impossible .	as far as i know , the information in the books are incomplete , making this impossible .
the vascular system will exhibit a progressively darker brown color as the disease progresses , in addition to possible lesions on the stem .	the vascular system will exhibit a progressively darker brown color as the disease progress , in addition to possible lesions on the stem .
most street names in the community are those of prominent politicians in canadian history , primarily prime ministers , though others including governors-general have also been recognized .	most street names in the community is those of prominent politicians in canadian history , primarily prime ministers , though others including governors-general have also been recognized .
the album ends with a lengthy secret track of droning feedback and swirling sounds which foreshadows the experimental post-rock of the low level owl albums released the following year .	the album end with a lengthy secret track of droning feedback and swirling sounds which foreshadows the experimental post-rock of the low level owl albums released the following year .
an attempt to address these limitations is the capacitor-commutated converter ( ccc ) which has been used in a small number of hvdc systems .	an attempt to address these limitations are the capacitor-commutated converter ( ccc ) which has been used in a small number of hvdc systems .
the paradox arises when this same process is applied to statement ( 2 ) .	the paradox arise when this same process is applied to statement ( 2 ) .
autowikibrowser as their guide ( typically any editor with more than 500 edits gets approval ) .	autowikibrowser as their guide ( typically any editor with more than 500 edits get approval ) .
the hotel has five food and beverage venues , including an all-day multi-cuisine restaurant named caramel , a specialty thai restaurant named silk , a specialty grill restaurant named wild fire , a longue bar named i-longue , and a 24-hr café named bytes .	the hotel have five food and beverage venues , including an all-day multi-cuisine restaurant named caramel , a specialty thai restaurant named silk , a specialty grill restaurant named wild fire , a longue bar named i-longue , and a 24-hr café named bytes .
many current offenses , such as the spread option , use single-wing tendencies for running plays , while using wide receivers instead of wingbacks .	many current offenses , such as the spread option , uses single-wing tendencies for running plays , while using wide receivers instead of wingbacks .
well , the volume of scoring for women is a lot lower than for men .	well , the volume of scoring for women are a lot lower than for men .
this colorless solid is soluble in organic solvents .	this colorless solid are soluble in organic solvents .
in the northwestern corner of the stadium behind the stands from the first base line is a carousel where guests ride on tigers instead of horses .	in the northwestern corner of the stadium behind the stands from the first base line is a carousel where guests rides on tigers instead of horses .
people with chronic hepatitis b infection are more than 200 times more likely to develop liver cancer than uninfected people .	people with chronic hepatitis b infection is more than 200 times more likely to develop liver cancer than uninfected people .
in the case of a straight hole then the bit simply continues downward .	in the case of a straight hole then the bit simply continue downward .
current textbooks have only a passing reference to the concept of entrepreneurship and the entrepreneur .	current textbooks has only a passing reference to the concept of entrepreneurship and the entrepreneur .
the hope is that a better understanding of the central role of the synapse in autistic symptoms can be discovered as well as which specific regions of the brain are responsible for these behaviors .	the hope is that a better understanding of the central role of the synapse in autistic symptoms can be discovered as well as which specific regions of the brain is responsible for these behaviors .
a prominent characteristic of internal styles is that the forms are generally performed at a slow pace .	a prominent characteristic of internal styles are that the forms are generally performed at a slow pace .
thus , the tangential speed will be directly proportional to r when all parts of a system simultaneously have the same ω , as for a wheel , disk , or rigid wand .	thus , the tangential speed will be directly proportional to r when all parts of a system simultaneously has the same ω , as for a wheel , disk , or rigid wand .
it is a human rights abuse , all applications of the death penalty are .	it is a human rights abuse , all applications of the death penalty is .
it is seen again at the end of the show , just before the game starts .	it is seen again at the end of the show , just before the game start .
the fundamental difference between the two methods is that molecular cloning involves replication of the dna within a living cell , while pcr replicates dna in the test tube , free of living cells .	the fundamental difference between the two methods are that molecular cloning involves replication of the dna within a living cell , while pcr replicates dna in the test tube , free of living cells .
drinks locally made from fermented maize and millet include lao pani , mingri and the aarah .	drinks locally made from fermented maize and millet includes lao pani , mingri and the aarah .
the preserved contents of its digestive tract are typical of those of other predators ' , and this lifestyle is supported by the raptor-like nature of the spiny great appendages and the size of the eyes .	the preserved contents of its digestive tract is typical of those of other predators ' , and this lifestyle is supported by the raptor-like nature of the spiny great appendages and the size of the eyes .
stanton once observed regarding assumptions of female inferiority , `` the worst feature of these assumptions is that women themselves believe them '' .	stanton once observed regarding assumptions of female inferiority , `` the worst feature of these assumptions are that women themselves believe them '' .
the average time before the nominations are announced is thus around 8 days .	the average time before the nominations are announced are thus around 8 days .
the longest leaves near the base of the stem are up to 11 centimeters long by 2 .	the longest leaves near the base of the stem is up to 11 centimeters long by 2 .
although these reactions may be lethal , the total number of deaths due to interactions and dietary concerns is comparable to over-the-counter medications .	although these reactions may be lethal , the total number of deaths due to interactions and dietary concerns are comparable to over-the-counter medications .
differences in brain activation in the left and right hemisphere seem to be indicative of insight versus non-insight solutions .	differences in brain activation in the left and right hemisphere seems to be indicative of insight versus non-insight solutions .
many horses eligible for registration with their own breed registry and are of a particular color are often `` double registered '' with both organizations , often increasing their sale value by doing so .	many horses eligible for registration with their own breed registry and is of a particular color are often `` double registered '' with both organizations , often increasing their sale value by doing so .
about 10 , 000 people live in the district .	about 10 , 000 people lives in the district .
the more intense this vibration is , the more the hair cells are deflected and the more likely they are to cause nerve firings .	the more intense this vibration are , the more the hair cells are deflected and the more likely they are to cause nerve firings .
popular shows within the late night talk show genre include the tonight show with jay leno , late show with david letterman , the late late show with craig ferguson , late night with jimmy fallon , and conan .	popular shows within the late night talk show genre includes the tonight show with jay leno , late show with david letterman , the late late show with craig ferguson , late night with jimmy fallon , and conan .
its main industry is domestic pottery production , using clay as a raw material .	its main industry are domestic pottery production , using clay as a raw material .
emergency repairs to the dam structure are underway and the government has begun inspections of similar dam structures .	emergency repairs to the dam structure is underway and the government has begun inspections of similar dam structures .
mcnider believes his days as a surgeon are over .	mcnider believes his days as a surgeon is over .
the species primarily occurs in the province of muğla , near marmaris and in the köyceğiz-dalyan sepa .	the species primarily occur in the province of muğla , near marmaris and in the köyceğiz-dalyan sepa .
the additional information that he is 49 years old and mentally disabled makes it more of a scandal , and the fact that he is an afro-american and that previous attacks on afro-americans have led to uprisings makes it newsworthy around the world .	the additional information that he is 49 years old and mentally disabled make it more of a scandal , and the fact that he is an afro-american and that previous attacks on afro-americans have led to uprisings makes it newsworthy around the world .
keep , presidential pets are inherently notable .	keep , presidential pets is inherently notable .
examples include lake carnegie in western australia , lake cowal in new south wales , mystic lake and rogers lake in california , and sevier lake in utah .	examples includes lake carnegie in western australia , lake cowal in new south wales , mystic lake and rogers lake in california , and sevier lake in utah .
the ruins of the highest part , as well as forming the core of the building , belong to what was once the residential area of the castle .	the ruins of the highest part , as well as forming the core of the building , belongs to what was once the residential area of the castle .
like other methods , breath testing devices using chemical analysis are somewhat prone to false readings .	like other methods , breath testing devices using chemical analysis is somewhat prone to false readings .
the benefits of strength training include increased muscle , tendon and ligament strength , bone density , flexibility , tone , metabolic rate and postural support .	the benefits of strength training includes increased muscle , tendon and ligament strength , bone density , flexibility , tone , metabolic rate and postural support .
winter rains drain through the soil into fissures in the strata of limestone bedrock , and flow through underground watercourses into the adriatic .	winter rains drains through the soil into fissures in the strata of limestone bedrock , and flow through underground watercourses into the adriatic .
a few old and out-of-service bridges , such as the hot metal bridge ( which stood dormant until reopening as a passenger bridge in the year 2000 ) , are exceptions to this rule .	a few old and out-of-service bridges , such as the hot metal bridge ( which stood dormant until reopening as a passenger bridge in the year 2000 ) , is exceptions to this rule .
true to form , the scheduled activities include both daily latin and japanese instruction with a sprinkling of choral and other musical performance .	true to form , the scheduled activities includes both daily latin and japanese instruction with a sprinkling of choral and other musical performance .
the three largest cities of the oblast are balashikha ( 215 , 494 ) , khimki ( 207 , 425 ) , and podolsk ( 186 , 961 ) .	the three largest cities of the oblast is balashikha ( 215 , 494 ) , khimki ( 207 , 425 ) , and podolsk ( 186 , 961 ) .
instead , an exact calculation of the transverse energies of the confined electrons has to be performed to calculate a wire 's resistance .	instead , an exact calculation of the transverse energies of the confined electrons have to be performed to calculate a wire 's resistance .
the chain also owns a photo company , empik foto , as well as the foreign language school , szkoła języków obcych empik .	the chain also own a photo company , empik foto , as well as the foreign language school , szkoła języków obcych empik .
unlike lockers , stationery cabinets are not usually sold with a padlocking option .	unlike lockers , stationery cabinets is not usually sold with a padlocking option .
that is a misunderstanding , and misunderstandings are hard to handle on wikipedia unless a reviewer has already criticized them somewhere .	that is a misunderstanding , and misunderstandings is hard to handle on wikipedia unless a reviewer has already criticized them somewhere .
the reasons for this situation appear to have been rooted both in the structure of the economy and in the attitude of the castilians and aragonese .	the reasons for this situation appears to have been rooted both in the structure of the economy and in the attitude of the castilians and aragonese .
the content of these national publications is identical to that of iec 61511 .	the content of these national publications are identical to that of iec 61511 .
ship country is necessary when a ship served under multiple countries , but not really necessary otherwise .	ship country are necessary when a ship served under multiple countries , but not really necessary otherwise .
in fact idwal foel died in battle against the saxons in 942 and the legend is that he was cremated beside the lake as was the burial custom for celtic nobility .	in fact idwal foel died in battle against the saxons in 942 and the legend are that he was cremated beside the lake as was the burial custom for celtic nobility .
a game is composed of three such rounds , so the majority of the players has a chance at playing both roles .	a game is composed of three such rounds , so the majority of the players have a chance at playing both roles .
david schutz ' experiences as a child and adolescent are central to his wiriting .	david schutz ' experiences as a child and adolescent is central to his wiriting .
today , the site is the location of odiorne point state park .	today , the site are the location of odiorne point state park .
indeed , the focus on the dynamics of the studied systems is the main conceptual difference between systems biology and bioinformatics .	indeed , the focus on the dynamics of the studied systems are the main conceptual difference between systems biology and bioinformatics .
the price of such products depends on the quality and the style .	the price of such products depend on the quality and the style .
i do more rote edits over the weekend and the ones that require brain power are usually for monday through friday .	i do more rote edits over the weekend and the ones that require brain power is usually for monday through friday .
the characters in the performance include satan , god , the little girl pavitra and her parents .	the characters in the performance includes satan , god , the little girl pavitra and her parents .
unusually , the book presents itself as a tourist guidebook ; its title alludes to the rough guide series , the rough guide to finland and so on .	unusually , the book present itself as a tourist guidebook ; its title alludes to the rough guide series , the rough guide to finland and so on .
kaplan , but the existing redirect prevents this without putting a qualifier in the page title .	kaplan , but the existing redirect prevent this without putting a qualifier in the page title .
other municipalities that are part of the middle branch watershed are canton township , commerce township , farmington , farmington hills , lyon township , redford township , and wixom .	other municipalities that are part of the middle branch watershed is canton township , commerce township , farmington , farmington hills , lyon township , redford township , and wixom .
dns servers , pay for the electric bill on all that hardware , do the tech support when required and whatnot .	dns servers , pay for the electric bill on all that hardware , does the tech support when required and whatnot .
every little bit helps , and every little poor construction makes the article read less polished overall .	every little bit helps , and every little poor construction make the article read less polished overall .
prominent uk users of the tenor guitar include the lakeman brothers , seth lakeman and sean lakeman , and john mccusker and ian carr , who both play with the kate rusby band .	prominent uk users of the tenor guitar includes the lakeman brothers , seth lakeman and sean lakeman , and john mccusker and ian carr , who both play with the kate rusby band .
an informal name sometimes used by users of simplified characters is `` old characters '' ( ) .	an informal name sometimes used by users of simplified characters are `` old characters '' ( ) .
plastic bags , which escape the garbage collection process , often end up in streams , which then lead them to end up in the open ocean .	plastic bags , which escape the garbage collection process , often ends up in streams , which then lead them to end up in the open ocean .
lüneburg railway line is a 77 kilometre-long , single-track non-electrified rail link from lübeck on the baltic coast of the german state of schleswig-holstein to lüneburg in lower saxony .	lüneburg railway line are a 77 kilometre-long , single-track non-electrified rail link from lübeck on the baltic coast of the german state of schleswig-holstein to lüneburg in lower saxony .
the hallmarks of the publishing program are beautifully produced editions of the original works , plus lively spin-off books ranging from baby record books and treasuries to board books and novelty titles .	the hallmarks of the publishing program is beautifully produced editions of the original works , plus lively spin-off books ranging from baby record books and treasuries to board books and novelty titles .
however , what makes raman spectroscopy a unique technique is that only transitions which are accompanied by a change in the polarization of the molecule are raman active .	however , what makes raman spectroscopy a unique technique is that only transitions which are accompanied by a change in the polarization of the molecule is raman active .
signatures on the 1971 charter are those of governor john bell williams and secretary of state heber ladner for the state and dr .	signatures on the 1971 charter is those of governor john bell williams and secretary of state heber ladner for the state and dr .
players in bold are the ones that have at least one cap for their senior national team .	players in bold is the ones that have at least one cap for their senior national team .
in addition , licensing deals for clothing , camping equipment , and old sports afield magazine cover art have since taken place .	in addition , licensing deals for clothing , camping equipment , and old sports afield magazine covers art have since taken place .
a compromise that has been reached in some other places is for a single article that gives information about all halls in a particular university .	a compromise that has been reached in some other places are for a single article that gives information about all halls in a particular university .
i would merely point out that , unfortunately , some users are simply disruptive , in such a large environment as the english wikipedia , that is inevitable .	i would merely point out that , unfortunately , some users is simply disruptive , in such a large environment as the english wikipedia , that is inevitable .
then , if authorities consider this page as vanity and not notable , then may delete it while do not delete another one at wiki tree .	then , if authorities considers this page as vanity and not notable , then may delete it while do not delete another one at wiki tree .
the best course is to ask your local welding supply company for information , they are always happy to provide it .	the best course are to ask your local welding supply company for information , they are always happy to provide it .
the pages in this category are about books , fiction and nonfiction , which prominently feature or discuss the israeli kibbutz .	the pages in this category is about books , fiction and nonfiction , which prominently feature or discuss the israeli kibbutz .
guarantees for the independence of the judiciary include the security of tenure for judges until their mandatory retiring age set at 65 , or until impeachment .	guarantees for the independence of the judiciary includes the security of tenure for judges until their mandatory retiring age set at 65 , or until impeachment .
village surnames which span the civil war period include cooper , wilkinson , martin , pepper , mottram and sturtivant .	village surnames which span the civil war period includes cooper , wilkinson , martin , pepper , mottram and sturtivant .
beyond equity issuance and debt-to-equity conversion , then , one analyst `` said that as banks find it more difficult to raise funds , they will move faster to cut down on loans and unload lagging assets '' as they work to improve capital ratios .	beyond equity issuance and debt-to-equity conversion , then , one analyst `` said that as banks finds it more difficult to raise funds , they will move faster to cut down on loans and unload lagging assets '' as they work to improve capital ratios .
other water storage facilities supplied with water from the river include bucca weir and kolan barrage .	other water storage facilities supplied with water from the river includes bucca weir and kolan barrage .
the retired small and power forward is 2 .	the retired small and power forward are 2 .
her married name is nicole brink .	her married name are nicole brink .
this family descends from william dicken , who in 1740 married henrietta , daughter and co-heir of the fifth baronet of the 1611 creation .	this family descend from william dicken , who in 1740 married henrietta , daughter and co-heir of the fifth baronet of the 1611 creation .
state agencies that provide relief for agriculture loss following a hurricane include north carolina department of agriculture and consumer services .	state agencies that provide relief for agriculture loss following a hurricane includes north carolina department of agriculture and consumer services .
aspirated nasal clicks , often described as voiceless nasal with delayed aspiration , are widespread in southern africa , being found in all languages of the khoe , tuu , and kx'a language families , though they are unattested elsewhere .	aspirated nasal clicks , often described as voiceless nasal with delayed aspiration , is widespread in southern africa , being found in all languages of the khoe , tuu , and kx'a language families , though they are unattested elsewhere .
his works of poetry include some common weaknesses illustrated , assorted fictions , and a century of enthusiasm .	his works of poetry includes some common weaknesses illustrated , assorted fictions , and a century of enthusiasm .
such forms of feedback are typically formative , not summative - i .	such forms of feedback is typically formative , not summative - i .
filial emotions , such as a human mother 's love for her offspring , seem to have evolved among early mammals .	filial emotions , such as a human mother 's love for her offspring , seems to have evolved among early mammals .
cursory search reveals a company that has a significant web footprint .	cursory search reveal a company that has a significant web footprint .
the pointer commonly appears as an angled arrow , but it can vary within different programs or operating systems .	the pointer commonly appear as an angled arrow , but it can vary within different programs or operating systems .
government measures of welfare dependence include welfare benefits associated with work .	government measures of welfare dependence includes welfare benefits associated with work .
natasha tries to get the judges to let her restart , but when they refuse , the hockey team starts a chant of `` let her skate !	natasha tries to get the judges to let her restart , but when they refuse , the hockey team start a chant of `` let her skate !
the owners of the power station sell the electricity produced in the electricity market .	the owners of the power station sells the electricity produced in the electricity market .
hansen 's disease is a bacterial disease also known as leprosy , and is very similar to tuberculosis .	hansen 's disease are a bacterial disease also known as leprosy , and is very similar to tuberculosis .
just perhaps , the training of students who go on to be notable is a criterion which has been used elsewhere , but although students are mentioned , nothing is said about their importance either .	just perhaps , the training of students who go on to be notable are a criterion which has been used elsewhere , but although students are mentioned , nothing is said about their importance either .
namibia 's new president takes office '' , afp ( iol ) , march 22 , 2005 .	namibia 's new president take office '' , afp ( iol ) , march 22 , 2005 .
the criteria for a diagnosis of a reactive attachment disorder are very different from the criteria used in assessment or categorization of attachment styles such as insecure or disorganized attachment .	the criteria for a diagnosis of a reactive attachment disorder is very different from the criteria used in assessment or categorization of attachment styles such as insecure or disorganized attachment .
concentration camps by definition do not house pows .	concentration camps by definition does not house pows .
the brain regions that play a major role in declarative learning and memory are the hippocampus and regions of the medial temporal lobe .	the brain regions that play a major role in declarative learning and memory is the hippocampus and regions of the medial temporal lobe .
tiraios-of-characene sock has just been blocked , i 've rolled back and deleted a bunch of his stuff , but the damage is massive , dating back months .	tiraios-of-characene sock has just been blocked , i 've rolled back and deleted a bunch of his stuff , but the damage are massive , dating back months .
the 1905 problems of transporting marble out of the town have been largely solved ( by road and trucks ) but the high costs of working in a mountain environment still exist today , and there have been several operator changes with the last one in 2010 .	the 1905 problems of transporting marble out of the town have been largely solved ( by road and trucks ) but the high costs of working in a mountain environment still exists today , and there have been several operator changes with the last one in 2010 .
while its economy is agriculture-based , hand-loom weaving and handicrafts are growing in importance .	while its economy are agriculture-based , hand-loom weaving and handicrafts are growing in importance .
religious practices of prayer , ritual , hospitality , forgiveness and reconciliation , are crucial in shaping a community 's social response to conflict situations .	religious practices of prayer , ritual , hospitality , forgiveness and reconciliation , is crucial in shaping a community 's social response to conflict situations .
cons that individual acts of terrorism that gain wide and even international news coverage are notable .	cons that individual acts of terrorism that gain wide and even international news coverage is notable .
the notion promoted by vendors of whole foods supplements is that they are better than food supplements that consist of usp-type isolated nutrients .	the notion promoted by vendors of whole foods supplements are that they are better than food supplements that consist of usp-type isolated nutrients .
endorse - arguments that the redirect is going to an inappropriate article are editorial discussion , and not a procedural issue with the deletion .	endorse - arguments that the redirect is going to an inappropriate article is editorial discussion , and not a procedural issue with the deletion .
for most of the history of post-colonial latin america , religious rights have been regularly violated , and even now , tensions and conflict in the area of religion remain .	for most of the history of post-colonial latin america , religious rights have been regularly violated , and even now , tensions and conflict in the area of religion remains .
the average age of residents is thirty-seven .	the average age of residents are thirty-seven .
the manufacturing facilities are house in 700 acres of forest land which is 7 km north of katpadi railway station on the vellore-chittoor highway .	the manufacturing facilities is house in 700 acres of forest land which is 7 km north of katpadi railway station on the vellore-chittoor highway .
artifacts from this settlement are currently on display at the museum of the coastal bend in victoria .	artifacts from this settlement is currently on display at the museum of the coastal bend in victoria .
other designers of the coin include raphael maklouf ( 1990 , 1991 , 1996 , 1998 ) , miranda cornell ( 1998 ) and darryl bellotti ( 2010 ) .	other designers of the coin includes raphael maklouf ( 1990 , 1991 , 1996 , 1998 ) , miranda cornell ( 1998 ) and darryl bellotti ( 2010 ) .
both lovers appear at a masque given at the alderman 's house .	both lovers appears at a masque given at the alderman 's house .
the suburb is neighbours with golden square .	the suburb are neighbours with golden square .
looking at this page , the actual colours used are all over the hue circle .	looking at this page , the actual colours used is all over the hue circle .
taking p ( x ) to be flat , we still have to make an assumption about the prior probability p ( n ) that the total number of humans is n .	taking p ( x ) to be flat , we still have to make an assumption about the prior probability p ( n ) that the total number of humans are n .
victory , the lance , and to a lesser extent the heads of the emperor and of his horse are all sculpted very nearly in the round .	victory , the lance , and to a lesser extent the heads of the emperor and of his horse is all sculpted very nearly in the round .
all groups in the music department are by audition only , at the discretion of the individual directors .	all groups in the music department is by audition only , at the discretion of the individual directors .
organoleptic analyses are , occasionally , still utilized when the method protocol that is to be utilized for a certain sample does not have a high enough sample throughput to meet the demand .	organoleptic analyses is , occasionally , still utilized when the method protocol that is to be utilized for a certain sample does not have a high enough sample throughput to meet the demand .
delete - theories of the universe that rely on philosophy and religion rather than science have no place in an encyclopedia .	delete - theories of the universe that rely on philosophy and religion rather than science has no place in an encyclopedia .
in arthritis of non-inflammatory causes , signs of inflammation and early morning stiffness are less prominent with stiffness typically less than 1 hour , and movements induce pain caused by mechanical arthritis .	in arthritis of non-inflammatory causes , signs of inflammation and early morning stiffness is less prominent with stiffness typically less than 1 hour , and movements induce pain caused by mechanical arthritis .
another popular place for legends is the boston cemetery , which is said to be haunted .	another popular place for legends are the boston cemetery , which is said to be haunted .
lieberman resigned his cabinet position and yisrael beiteinu left the coalition in january 2008 ; he cited his opposition to the resuming peace talks , saying that `` negotiations on the basis of land for peace are a critical mistake .	lieberman resigned his cabinet position and yisrael beiteinu left the coalition in january 2008 ; he cited his opposition to the resuming peace talks , saying that `` negotiations on the basis of land for peace is a critical mistake .
so cite any facts with something from a different author , and as far as any interpretation of the event make sure to say something like `` historian howard zinn says .	so cite any facts with something from a different author , and as far as any interpretation of the event makes sure to say something like `` historian howard zinn says .
greek citizens aged 18 and over on the year of the election are eligible to vote , and at the age of 25 and over are also eligible to be elected to parliament .	greek citizens aged 18 and over on the year of the election is eligible to vote , and at the age of 25 and over are also eligible to be elected to parliament .
on-demand ( reactive ) routingthis type of protocols finds a route on demand by flooding the network with route request packets .	on-demand ( reactive ) routingthis type of protocols find a route on demand by flooding the network with route request packets .
companies that produce book series rarely have one set project manager for the entire series or one continuous philosophy over time .	companies that produce book series rarely has one set project manager for the entire series or one continuous philosophy over time .
since the air base is mainly used as a training site for helicopter pilots , several grassy areas parallel to the runway are used for the training of emergency landing procedures , for example autorotation and engine failure .	since the air base is mainly used as a training site for helicopter pilots , several grassy areas parallels to the runway are used for the training of emergency landing procedures , for example autorotation and engine failure .
the large fireplaces in the west wall of the kitchen range are still very prominent .	the large fireplaces in the west wall of the kitchen range is still very prominent .
addiction is also a common theme in songs such as `` use the man '' , `` burnt ice '' , and `` addicted to chaos '' .	addiction are also a common theme in songs such as `` use the man '' , `` burnt ice '' , and `` addicted to chaos '' .
after all , the neutral position of these portfolios is to be fully invested in cash without any other long or short positions .	after all , the neutral position of these portfolios are to be fully invested in cash without any other long or short positions .
it , in conjunction with our other content policies , defines what content is acceptable here , and is determined by the fundamental nature of the project .	it , in conjunction with our other content policies , defines what content are acceptable here , and is determined by the fundamental nature of the project .
the novel opens in the seaside village of black hill cove in south-west england ( to stevenson , in his letters near barnstaple , devon ) in the mid-18th century .	the novel open in the seaside village of black hill cove in south-west england ( to stevenson , in his letters near barnstaple , devon ) in the mid-18th century .
so-called leased lines are invariably of the latter type ; the implications of a land line in this context are security and survivability .	so-called leased lines are invariably of the latter type ; the implications of a land line in this context is security and survivability .
the municipalities on its shore are strobl , st .	the municipalities on its shore is strobl , st .
xxx about 300 receivers in this serial number range have heels stamped aromry instead of armory .	xxx about 300 receivers in this serial number range has heels stamped aromry instead of armory .
details of the battle itself are scarce , with diodorus providing the only formal account .	details of the battle itself is scarce , with diodorus providing the only formal account .
native objects in the level include trees encased in glass tubes and moving walls .	native objects in the level includes trees encased in glass tubes and moving walls .
these people had a vision of what a new zealand burner event could be like , and the people who came not knowing a thing about the culture of burning man continue to embrace it , and want more .	these people had a vision of what a new zealand burner event could be like , and the people who came not knowing a thing about the culture of burning man continues to embrace it , and want more .
most interior walls are covered with celotex although the walls of the club room and small game room are half-paneled .	most interior walls are covered with celotex although the walls of the club room and small game room is half-paneled .
however , multiple contributors to the article appear to have strong points of view about the subject , either positively or negatively .	however , multiple contributors to the article appears to have strong points of view about the subject , either positively or negatively .
however , while the collective set of capacities of individuals ultimately translates into the organisational and institutional capacity , the latter by far exceeds the sum of the capacities of their members .	however , while the collective set of capacities of individuals ultimately translate into the organisational and institutional capacity , the latter by far exceeds the sum of the capacities of their members .
while the opera itself is not in the standard operatic repertory , the ballet suite is a popular concert piece and includes the famous aragonaise .	while the opera itself is not in the standard operatic repertory , the ballet suite are a popular concert piece and includes the famous aragonaise .
though those figures are from 2003 , sakamoto says they still apply , with cattle ranches and sugar cane plantations among the top employers .	though those figures is from 2003 , sakamoto says they still apply , with cattle ranches and sugar cane plantations among the top employers .
kerala cuisine also has a variety of pickles and chutneys , and crunchy pappadums , banana chips , jackfruit chips , pakka vada ( crunchy gram and rice flour chips ) , kalathappam , kinnathappam kozhalappam , achappam , cheeda , and churuttu .	kerala cuisine also have a variety of pickles and chutneys , and crunchy pappadums , banana chips , jackfruit chips , pakka vada ( crunchy gram and rice flour chips ) , kalathappam , kinnathappam kozhalappam , achappam , cheeda , and churuttu .
north , east , south and west , of which the buddha statues that face one compass direction have the corresponding mudra .	north , east , south and west , of which the buddha statues that face one compass direction has the corresponding mudra .
techniques such as artificial intelligence and machine translation show a shift to linguistic and symbolic production as central elements of the postindustrial economy and the related postmodern culture , which had risen at the end of the 1950s after the reconstruction of western europe .	techniques such as artificial intelligence and machine translation shows a shift to linguistic and symbolic production as central elements of the postindustrial economy and the related postmodern culture , which had risen at the end of the 1950s after the reconstruction of western europe .
many rowing enthusiasts claim that the disproportionate number of tall rowers is simply due to the unfair advantage that tall rowers have on the ergometer .	many rowing enthusiasts claim that the disproportionate number of tall rowers are simply due to the unfair advantage that tall rowers have on the ergometer .
total number of participants is 4 , 327 out of 4 , 898 registered voters consisting 88 .	total number of participants are 4 , 327 out of 4 , 898 registered voters consisting 88 .
the remaining floors are undetailed brick , but do have double-hung windows matching the southern facade .	the remaining floors is undetailed brick , but do have double-hung windows matching the southern facade .
the film 's soundtrack contains 7 songs composed by anu malik .	the film 's soundtrack contain 7 songs composed by anu malik .
in the terminology of the threefold , the goals of drama , simulation and game have specific meanings .	in the terminology of the threefold , the goals of drama , simulation and game has specific meanings .
the main principles to be considered when deciding about a particular formatting are consistency and consensus .	the main principles to be considered when deciding about a particular formatting is consistency and consensus .
reflexivity journals need to note how the codes were interpreted and combined to form themes .	reflexivity journals needs to note how the codes were interpreted and combined to form themes .
the company targets oil sands opportunities outside of the athabasca mining area and is focusing on in situ plays in the grosmont and grand rapids formations .	the company target oil sands opportunities outside of the athabasca mining area and is focusing on in situ plays in the grosmont and grand rapids formations .
have a look at some featured articles to get an idea of what an article with longer sections and paragraphs looks like .	have a look at some featured articles to get an idea of what an article with longer sections and paragraphs look like .
a7 has nothing whatsoever to do with notability , and the claim that they have released multiple albums and singles is enough to cross the threshold of importance that a7 requires .	a7 has nothing whatsoever to do with notability , and the claim that they have released multiple albums and singles are enough to cross the threshold of importance that a7 requires .
thus , the two substrates of this enzyme are atp and l-homoserine , whereas its two products are adp and o-phospho-l-homoserine .	thus , the two substrates of this enzyme is atp and l-homoserine , whereas its two products are adp and o-phospho-l-homoserine .
the tubes which comprise the pore layer on the underside of the cap are deep , and have an adnate ( attached broadly to the stem ) to decurrent ( running down the length of the stem ) attachment to the stem .	the tubes which comprise the pore layer on the underside of the cap is deep , and have an adnate ( attached broadly to the stem ) to decurrent ( running down the length of the stem ) attachment to the stem .
the main attractions are pro-nite and choreo-nite .	the main attractions is pro-nite and choreo-nite .
as the templates at the bottom of the article indicate , this is not primarily about the law , nor specifically about the trial , but about political and historical issues regarding mccarthyism , the cold war etc .	as the templates at the bottom of the article indicates , this is not primarily about the law , nor specifically about the trial , but about political and historical issues regarding mccarthyism , the cold war etc .
users involved in serious previous conflict with the subject of an article have a conflict of interest .	users involved in serious previous conflict with the subject of an article has a conflict of interest .
i share concerns with the assessment above , and also have concerns about promotional , perhaps autobiographical editing .	i share concerns with the assessment above , and also has concerns about promotional , perhaps autobiographical editing .
current residents of the business park include direct wines , horizon nuclear power , ageas , nhs and detica .	current residents of the business park includes direct wines , horizon nuclear power , ageas , nhs and detica .
the river is , however , connected to the ijssel by two canals , the willemsvaart ( dug in the early nineteenth century , now disused ) and the zwolle-ijssel canal .	the river are , however , connected to the ijssel by two canals , the willemsvaart ( dug in the early nineteenth century , now disused ) and the zwolle-ijssel canal .
yvette takes the boys to a forest , where a cottage , formerly used for keeping male slaves in cramped conditions , also resides .	yvette takes the boys to a forest , where a cottage , formerly used for keeping male slaves in cramped conditions , also reside .
human activities , such as construction , tourism , and livestock use , are major contributors to its habitat loss .	human activities , such as construction , tourism , and livestock use , is major contributors to its habitat loss .
dacian origin of some of the names is doubtful or even excluded .	dacian origin of some of the names are doubtful or even excluded .
however , other functions of mentoring , like the role model aspect , appear to have no effect on wfc .	however , other functions of mentoring , like the role model aspect , appears to have no effect on wfc .
the table of winners lacks almost any sources .	the table of winners lack almost any sources .
several members of the show 's cast and crew make appearances on the various magazine featured in the episode .	several members of the show 's cast and crew makes appearances on the various magazine featured in the episode .
the provision of athletics stadiums in the united kingdom is very poor compared to most other developed countries .	the provision of athletics stadiums in the united kingdom are very poor compared to most other developed countries .
the pairing between these two spaces also takes the form of an inner product .	the pairing between these two spaces also take the form of an inner product .
knowledge transfer within organisations and between nations also raises ethical considerations particularly where there is an imbalance in power relationships ( e .	knowledge transfer within organisations and between nations also raise ethical considerations particularly where there is an imbalance in power relationships ( e .
common concerns regarding safety of the internet include malicious users ( spam , phishing , cyberbullying , cyberstalking etc .	common concerns regarding safety of the internet includes malicious users ( spam , phishing , cyberbullying , cyberstalking etc .
pete johnson of los angeles times , wrote that the album `` can survive endless listening with no diminishing either of power or of freshness '' , while noting `` parts of the album are beautiful ; others are disturbingly ugly , reflections of the pop movement towards realism .	pete johnson of los angeles times , wrote that the album `` can survive endless listening with no diminishing either of power or of freshness '' , while noting `` parts of the album is beautiful ; others are disturbingly ugly , reflections of the pop movement towards realism .
if you 're a new editor , i think the well-organized information , combined with numerous examples , is an invaluable resource .	if you 're a new editor , i think the well-organized information , combined with numerous examples , are an invaluable resource .
this film talks about the promoting of the film in general , as well as give an inside look on the inner workings of the disney studio , which in the 1930s was on hyperion avenue .	this film talks about the promoting of the film in general , as well as gives an inside look on the inner workings of the disney studio , which in the 1930s was on hyperion avenue .
the idea in the titles is that god cares for even the least of his creatures ( see matt .	the idea in the titles are that god cares for even the least of his creatures ( see matt .
examples of successful guerrilla warfare against a native regime include the cuban revolution and the chinese civil war , as well as the sandinista revolution which overthrew a military dictatorship in nicaragua .	examples of successful guerrilla warfare against a native regime includes the cuban revolution and the chinese civil war , as well as the sandinista revolution which overthrew a military dictatorship in nicaragua .
differences in prevalence due to race and ethnicity are unknown .	differences in prevalence due to race and ethnicity is unknown .
this title is a must for threadgill fans and also worthwhile for those interested in the experimental side of jazz '' .	this title are a must for threadgill fans and also worthwhile for those interested in the experimental side of jazz '' .
delete school articles that devote most of the article to the floor plan of the building are a reasonable sign of true non-notability .	delete school articles that devote most of the article to the floor plan of the building is a reasonable sign of true non-notability .
mobile suits are further categorized into rock , paper , and scissor types , with a self-explanatory relationship .	mobile suits is further categorized into rock , paper , and scissor types , with a self-explanatory relationship .
other scholars serving on the editorial board include touraj atabaki , sally cummings , bhavna dave , and olivier roy , among others .	other scholars serving on the editorial board includes touraj atabaki , sally cummings , bhavna dave , and olivier roy , among others .
types of forest within the park include mixed deciduous , deciduous , hill evergreen and dry evergreen .	types of forest within the park includes mixed deciduous , deciduous , hill evergreen and dry evergreen .
this standard for keeping articles about journals is far too lax .	this standard for keeping articles about journals are far too lax .
stokes equations describing the motion of the flow have to be solved separately .	stokes equations describing the motion of the flow has to be solved separately .
aside from the municipal seat , the main communities of the municipality are suchitlán , zacualpan and the cofradía de suchitlán .	aside from the municipal seat , the main communities of the municipality is suchitlán , zacualpan and the cofradía de suchitlán .
items in the museum 's collection include the following .	items in the museum 's collection includes the following .
her coffins and funerary papyrus are now in the egyptian museum in cairo .	her coffins and funerary papyrus is now in the egyptian museum in cairo .
the institute specializes in applying computer tools to analysis of dna and protein sequence information .	the institute specialize in applying computer tools to analysis of dna and protein sequence information .
the primary changes are a new 2 .	the primary changes is a new 2 .
accidents involving light aircraft and military aircraft are mostly non-notable .	accidents involving light aircraft and military aircraft is mostly non-notable .
another issue facing schools is the prevalence of other sources of food and snacks , which often make the problem of school lunch nutrition worse .	another issue facing schools are the prevalence of other sources of food and snacks , which often make the problem of school lunch nutrition worse .
the fact that it has been created so many times indicates that this is not just an unknown neologism .	the fact that it has been created so many times indicate that this is not just an unknown neologism .
the player who visits all his destinations first then returns home is awarded an extra 5 points , and the player with the most points wins .	the player who visits all his destinations first then return home is awarded an extra 5 points , and the player with the most points wins .
the reasons why this article is encyclopedic and on a notable subject are now clear from the paragraphs at the top of the article and the first sentences in the next three sections .	the reasons why this article is encyclopedic and on a notable subject is now clear from the paragraphs at the top of the article and the first sentences in the next three sections .
visitors who make the long climb to the top are rewarded with a panoramic view of the whole city down in the valley .	visitors who make the long climb to the top is rewarded with a panoramic view of the whole city down in the valley .
huston smith 's last work , cleansing the doors of perception , describes the harvard project in which he participated in the early 1960s as a serious , conscientious , mature attempt to raise awareness around entheogenic substances .	huston smith 's last work , cleansing the doors of perception , describe the harvard project in which he participated in the early 1960s as a serious , conscientious , mature attempt to raise awareness around entheogenic substances .
the advantages of a cold site are simple -- cost .	the advantages of a cold site is simple -- cost .
later sources started to be mentioned , but only two third-party sources relating to the same assertion of notability have so far been referenced enough for anyone to actually be able to find and read them .	later sources started to be mentioned , but only two third-party sources relating to the same assertion of notability has so far been referenced enough for anyone to actually be able to find and read them .
the examples shown below provide strong evidence for common descent and are only a small fraction of the instances observed .	the examples shown below provide strong evidence for common descent and is only a small fraction of the instances observed .
the leaders of this new organization include elizabeth cady stanton , susan b .	the leaders of this new organization includes elizabeth cady stanton , susan b .
the ideas under the separation of church and state doctrine have to do with ( a ) the state not being allowed to control the church , or ( b ) the church not being allowed to control the state .	the ideas under the separation of church and state doctrine has to do with ( a ) the state not being allowed to control the church , or ( b ) the church not being allowed to control the state .
discussions on phrasing and on deleting an article are distinct exercises .	discussions on phrasing and on deleting an article is distinct exercises .
colors as well as contrast and luminance are all great , image quality is very good .	colors as well as contrast and luminance is all great , image quality is very good .
ilić 's verses , their rhythm and power of expression remind one of pushkin .	ilić 's verses , their rhythm and power of expression reminds one of pushkin .
both 32-bit and 64-bit versions of the program are available .	both 32-bit and 64-bit versions of the program is available .
bio , policies that , despite being agreed upon by community consensus , are still subject to individual interpretation .	bio , policies that , despite being agreed upon by community consensus , is still subject to individual interpretation .
if your reasons for including or for excluding a piece of text are valid , you will be able to support your position and your edits will be stable .	if your reasons for including or for excluding a piece of text is valid , you will be able to support your position and your edits will be stable .
the information , resources , and infrastructures the health care sector has at its disposal are an important asset for research and prevention work .	the information , resources , and infrastructures the health care sector has at its disposal is an important asset for research and prevention work .
performances by the choir regularly include commissioned works showcasing these uniquely north sulawesi and indonesian traditions .	performances by the choir regularly includes commissioned works showcasing these uniquely north sulawesi and indonesian traditions .
as far as this editor knows , none of the other updates to the betacam format have their own article , and this information belongs on that page anyway .	as far as this editor knows , none of the other updates to the betacam format have their own article , and this information belong on that page anyway .
this means the raw stalks may not be hazardous , although the tart taste of raw stalks is so strong as to be unpalatable to many .	this means the raw stalks may not be hazardous , although the tart taste of raw stalks are so strong as to be unpalatable to many .
however , it does n't really explain just how these particular neutrino oscillations violate cp symmetry .	however , it does n't really explain just how these particular neutrino oscillations violates cp symmetry .
buoyancy changes with depth variation are proportional to the compressible part of the volume of the diver and equipment , and to the proportional change in pressure , which is greater per unit of depth near the surface .	buoyancy changes with depth variation is proportional to the compressible part of the volume of the diver and equipment , and to the proportional change in pressure , which is greater per unit of depth near the surface .
some things that might cause disk activity during idle time are background defragmentation , shrinking the page file , and background indexing .	some things that might cause disk activity during idle time is background defragmentation , shrinking the page file , and background indexing .
an edge with all endpoints in unbalanced components of ( v , s ) becomes a loose edge in the contraction .	an edge with all endpoints in unbalanced components of ( v , s ) become a loose edge in the contraction .
in 1943 , for example , over 2 , 400 , 000 people passed through the system , though the figures at the beginning and at the end of the year show a decline from 1 .	in 1943 , for example , over 2 , 400 , 000 people passed through the system , though the figures at the beginning and at the end of the year shows a decline from 1 .
romantic connections between love and death are a frequent theme in western artistic expression .	romantic connections between love and death is a frequent theme in western artistic expression .
if even half the assertions made in the criticism portion of the article are accurate and can be sourced , he would be one of the more influential people in comics in the last 25 years .	if even half the assertions made in the criticism portion of the article is accurate and can be sourced , he would be one of the more influential people in comics in the last 25 years .
geological formations in the park and the reserve are generally tertiary rocks of volcanic origin coupled with andacites and porphyrys .	geological formations in the park and the reserve is generally tertiary rocks of volcanic origin coupled with andacites and porphyrys .
gng first ; the reasons given in the talk page do not amount to much under our guidelines .	gng first ; the reasons given in the talk page does not amount to much under our guidelines .
the only rivers in the country that carry water all year around are the mouhoun river ( black volta ) and the nakambe river ( white volta ) , the other rivers carrying water only during the wet season .	the only rivers in the country that carry water all year around is the mouhoun river ( black volta ) and the nakambe river ( white volta ) , the other rivers carrying water only during the wet season .
the village has a population of 1 , 269 .	the village have a population of 1 , 269 .
moreover , the materials in a nuclear reactor core and the uranium enrichment level make a nuclear explosion impossible , even if all safety measures failed .	moreover , the materials in a nuclear reactor core and the uranium enrichment level makes a nuclear explosion impossible , even if all safety measures failed .
certain plant species used by rainforest aboriginal tribes in this area on a regular basis are highly toxic , and careful preparation using time honoured methods were employed to make these food sources safe for eating .	certain plant species used by rainforest aboriginal tribes in this area on a regular basis is highly toxic , and careful preparation using time honoured methods were employed to make these food sources safe for eating .
all the descendants of his son and daughter live in japan today as japanese citizens .	all the descendants of his son and daughter lives in japan today as japanese citizens .
the flying cadets who are chosen in to the fighter jet have to remain further at the squadron to follow the fighter conversion training .	the flying cadets who are chosen in to the fighter jet has to remain further at the squadron to follow the fighter conversion training .
run time errors and unpredictable behavior are no longer minor annoyances ; they are fatal flaws .	run time errors and unpredictable behavior is no longer minor annoyances ; they are fatal flaws .
the additional conditions of the definition of a hinge decomposition are three , of which the first two ensure equivalence of the original problem with the new one .	the additional conditions of the definition of a hinge decomposition is three , of which the first two ensure equivalence of the original problem with the new one .
some lds scholars identify the olmec civilization with the jaredites , citing perceived similarities and noting that the period in which the olmecs flourished and later declined corresponds roughly with the jaredite civilization timeline .	some lds scholars identifies the olmec civilization with the jaredites , citing perceived similarities and noting that the period in which the olmecs flourished and later declined corresponds roughly with the jaredite civilization timeline .
the records of graves 's work as a jurist are twelve lectures on the law of nations , reported in the law times , commencing 25 april 1845 , and two elaborate articles contributed to the encyclopædia metropolitana on roman law and canon law .	the records of graves 's work as a jurist is twelve lectures on the law of nations , reported in the law times , commencing 25 april 1845 , and two elaborate articles contributed to the encyclopædia metropolitana on roman law and canon law .
moreover , the key editors for the blog entry are certain that it should only have a single point of view ( see reverts ) , and that it should only be edited by apparent jihadwatch website developed ( e .	moreover , the key editors for the blog entry is certain that it should only have a single point of view ( see reverts ) , and that it should only be edited by apparent jihadwatch website developed ( e .
pupils are taught mainly by specialist teachers as in secondary schools , although pupils in the first year of the school are in key stage 2 .	pupils are taught mainly by specialist teachers as in secondary schools , although pupils in the first year of the school is in key stage 2 .
the four-lane toll road , which has no shoulders or sidewalks , begins at cottonwood drive , i-84 's northside frontage road .	the four-lane toll road , which has no shoulders or sidewalks , begin at cottonwood drive , i-84 's northside frontage road .
several projections from the wall allow individuals to cross over to the other side .	several projections from the wall allows individuals to cross over to the other side .
just as space and time are , in that theory , different aspects of a more comprehensive entity called spacetime , energy and momentum are merely different aspects of a unified , four-dimensional quantity that physicists call four-momentum .	just as space and time are , in that theory , different aspects of a more comprehensive entity called spacetime , energy and momentum is merely different aspects of a unified , four-dimensional quantity that physicists call four-momentum .
if hair loss occurs in a young man with no family history , drug use could be the cause .	if hair loss occur in a young man with no family history , drug use could be the cause .
he recognizes claire , because her father leaves her alone a lot .	he recognizes claire , because her father leave her alone a lot .
differences in the quality of the quarrying and architectural style suggest the tomb was constructed over a period of time , starting in the eighteenth dynasty and continuing into the nineteenth dynasty and possibly later .	differences in the quality of the quarrying and architectural style suggests the tomb was constructed over a period of time , starting in the eighteenth dynasty and continuing into the nineteenth dynasty and possibly later .
his ou record for titles and honors still stands .	his ou record for titles and honors still stand .
delete arguments are more numerous and more convincing , particularly as the one keep voter admits that we lack secondary sources .	delete arguments is more numerous and more convincing , particularly as the one keep voter admits that we lack secondary sources .
april 2013 ) was a french biologist who , together with jacques monod , originated the idea that control of enzyme levels in all cells occurs through regulation of transcription .	april 2013 ) was a french biologist who , together with jacques monod , originated the idea that control of enzyme levels in all cells occur through regulation of transcription .
his medium includes painting , drawing , performance , and book arts .	his medium include painting , drawing , performance , and book arts .
a typical claim for this traditional thesis would be that man is essentially selfish , or that he is a rational being .	a typical claim for this traditional thesis would be that man are essentially selfish , or that he is a rational being .
following sailsbystars ' concerns at the above section , i propose that after the expiration of the said review period for definite rangeblocks , they will be undergoing a the same ( review ) process that other indefinite rangeblocks have .	following sailsbystars ' concerns at the above section , i proposes that after the expiration of the said review period for definite rangeblocks , they will be undergoing a the same ( review ) process that other indefinite rangeblocks have .
i am interested in promoting the article to fa eventually , so all your suggestions in that respect are more than welcome .	i am interested in promoting the article to fa eventually , so all your suggestions in that respect is more than welcome .
examples of public domain land are the margins of the sea and of rivers , roads , railways , ports , airports , military areas , etc .	examples of public domain land is the margins of the sea and of rivers , roads , railways , ports , airports , military areas , etc .
kerpen 's innovations in the area of academic policy debate include published essays on his website and in magazines serving the activity , such as rostrum , and also include developing new models of research and information distribution through the internet .	kerpen 's innovations in the area of academic policy debate includes published essays on his website and in magazines serving the activity , such as rostrum , and also include developing new models of research and information distribution through the internet .
that evening , each of the three women take turns attracting the earl .	that evening , each of the three women take turn attracting the earl .
the allegation that he disappeared together with his parents and that his whereabouts remain unknown is simply not true .	the allegation that he disappeared together with his parents and that his whereabouts remain unknown are simply not true .
effects on cognitive skill performance in schizophrenia are durable for months after the therapies are withdrawn , particularly in terms of executive functioning , working memory , and verbal memory .	effects on cognitive skill performance in schizophrenia is durable for months after the therapies are withdrawn , particularly in terms of executive functioning , working memory , and verbal memory .
the only existing structure at the ruins dates from the classic era .	the only existing structure at the ruins date from the classic era .
thus , all partial derivatives of temperature with respect to space may either be zero or have nonzero values , but all derivatives of temperature at any point with respect to time are uniformly zero .	thus , all partial derivatives of temperature with respect to space may either be zero or have nonzero values , but all derivatives of temperature at any point with respect to time is uniformly zero .
the opening areas of the game are linear , serving as a tutorial for the moves and approaches available to the player .	the opening areas of the game is linear , serving as a tutorial for the moves and approaches available to the player .
the primary responsibility is the separation of overflights , and the expedited sequencing of arrivals and departures along stars ( standard terminal arrival routes ) and dps ( standard instrument departures ) for all of southern pakistan , including some portions of the arabian sea .	the primary responsibility are the separation of overflights , and the expedited sequencing of arrivals and departures along stars ( standard terminal arrival routes ) and dps ( standard instrument departures ) for all of southern pakistan , including some portions of the arabian sea .
cell theory states that the cell is the fundamental unit of life , and that all living things are composed of one or more cells or the secreted products of those cells ( e .	cell theory states that the cell are the fundamental unit of life , and that all living things are composed of one or more cells or the secreted products of those cells ( e .
fires in the engine compartment are to be detected and extinguished within 10 seconds to minimize vehicle damage .	fires in the engine compartment is to be detected and extinguished within 10 seconds to minimize vehicle damage .
as arch dude says above , the help desk is for questions about using and editing wikipedia .	as arch dude says above , the help desk are for questions about using and editing wikipedia .
chervona ruta '' literally means `` red rue '' , however , the flowers of the plant rue are yellow .	chervona ruta '' literally means `` red rue '' , however , the flowers of the plant rue is yellow .
the criteria which govern the design of a structure are either serviceability ( criteria which define whether the structure is able to adequately fulfill its function ) or strength ( criteria which define whether a structure is able to safely support and resist its design loads ) .	the criteria which govern the design of a structure is either serviceability ( criteria which define whether the structure is able to adequately fulfill its function ) or strength ( criteria which define whether a structure is able to safely support and resist its design loads ) .
temporal factors , response consistency , frequency and semantic relatedness are the four factors used to differentiate between semantic refractory access and semantic storage disorders .	temporal factors , response consistency , frequency and semantic relatedness is the four factors used to differentiate between semantic refractory access and semantic storage disorders .
every bit of data in these pages is verifiable with reliable sources .	every bit of data in these pages are verifiable with reliable sources .
however , the back-office staff is not necessarily best prepared to criticize the prices proposed by traders for complex or hardly liquid instruments and that no independent source , such as bloomberg , publicize .	however , the back-office staff are not necessarily best prepared to criticize the prices proposed by traders for complex or hardly liquid instruments and that no independent source , such as bloomberg , publicize .
also feel free to do the work yourself since you clearly think that the work of others is without merit .	also feel free to do the work yourself since you clearly think that the work of others are without merit .
the company still operates from uk and from greece as neda maritime agency co .	the company still operate from uk and from greece as neda maritime agency co .
the watered silk ribbon is chartreuse yellow and formed into a bow .	the watered silk ribbon are chartreuse yellow and formed into a bow .
most boats in the basin are narrowboats , the most common form of craft on the british canals .	most boats in the basin is narrowboats , the most common form of craft on the british canals .
the eight teams with the best conference record at the end of the regular season earn berths in the tournament .	the eight teams with the best conference record at the end of the regular season earns berths in the tournament .
this basically means that a great many people who used to close the food gap with false banana consumption are not able to do so anymore , and lacking a viable alternative , have become food insecure and highly vulnerable to climatic and economic disruptions of their agricultural system .	this basically means that a great many people who used to close the food gap with false banana consumption is not able to do so anymore , and lacking a viable alternative , have become food insecure and highly vulnerable to climatic and economic disruptions of their agricultural system .
tyndale 's k-5 section offers a christ-centred education and develops a firm basis upon which middle and senior school education can be built .	tyndale 's k-5 section offer a christ-centred education and develops a firm basis upon which middle and senior school education can be built .
rises in sea level affect coastal habitat and the species that rely on it .	rises in sea level affects coastal habitat and the species that rely on it .
the tracks from the advance album are slightly different from those on the final release .	the tracks from the advance album is slightly different from those on the final release .
other members of the global planning committee include representatives from the national rare disease alliances in several european countries .	other members of the global planning committee includes representatives from the national rare disease alliances in several european countries .
tahltan , or goon-da-chagga or goon-tdar-shaga ( `` where the spring water stops '' in the tahltan language , other reserves in the immediate vicinity , also governed by this band , are tahltan forks indian reserve no .	tahltan , or goon-da-chagga or goon-tdar-shaga ( `` where the spring water stops '' in the tahltan language , other reserves in the immediate vicinity , also governed by this band , is tahltan forks indian reserve no .
a religion created in 2006 by 5 friends , now claims to have 50 , 000 adherents .	a religion created in 2006 by 5 friends , now claim to have 50 , 000 adherents .
his songs include `` little princess , look up !	his songs includes `` little princess , look up !
greek civilization centuries earlier , every banquet of the princes begins with a sacrifice and prayer .	greek civilization centuries earlier , every banquet of the princes begin with a sacrifice and prayer .
the building stands at 15 storeys tall .	the building stand at 15 storeys tall .
even in areas where no such laws exist , many motorists may allow the vehicle to pass as a matter of courtesy .	even in areas where no such laws exists , many motorists may allow the vehicle to pass as a matter of courtesy .
curiously , the external links and the and of the theme park article are all in the uk .	curiously , the external links and the and of the theme park article is all in the uk .
each set of characters is better at certain things .	each set of characters are better at certain things .
the reason i hesitate is because , combined with the fact you have only been active for a month or two , it suggests there could be other important things you have not learned yet .	the reason i hesitate are because , combined with the fact you have only been active for a month or two , it suggests there could be other important things you have not learned yet .
the total number of casualties suffered by both sides remains uncertain .	the total number of casualties suffered by both sides remain uncertain .
the traditional division of his plays into tragedies , comedies and histories follows the categories used in the first folio .	the traditional division of his plays into tragedies , comedies and histories follow the categories used in the first folio .
the link is on the image page .	the link are on the image page .
turf stands that have excess nitrogen and lush growth are very vulnerable to pythiuum and will spread rapidly due to high nitrogen levels .	turf stands that have excess nitrogen and lush growth is very vulnerable to pythiuum and will spread rapidly due to high nitrogen levels .
past activities that can be traced in the club 's history include triathlon , gymnastics , bandy , wrestling , hockey , table tennis , cycling , walking , boxing and figure skating .	past activities that can be traced in the club 's history includes triathlon , gymnastics , bandy , wrestling , hockey , table tennis , cycling , walking , boxing and figure skating .
its responsibilities include community relations , staff relations , and magistrates .	its responsibilities includes community relations , staff relations , and magistrates .
permanent magnets find application in electric motors , magnetic recording media ( e .	permanent magnets finds application in electric motors , magnetic recording media ( e .
cygni bb 16 cygni 1996 the stars in this system are 16 cygni a , 16 cygni b and 16 cygni c .	cygni bb 16 cygni 1996 the stars in this system is 16 cygni a , 16 cygni b and 16 cygni c .
and even as i do n't like to rely on external interpretations - the journalistic reports also support the same - and not the far-fetched interpretation that guyana had recognized sop before 2011 .	and even as i do n't like to rely on external interpretations - the journalistic reports also supports the same - and not the far-fetched interpretation that guyana had recognized sop before 2011 .
the tunnel consists of a single tube , with two traffic lanes .	the tunnel consist of a single tube , with two traffic lanes .
the majority of zoos continue to work to improve their animal enclosures , although constraints like size and expense make it difficult to create ideal captive environments for some species , such as dolphins and whales .	the majority of zoos continue to work to improve their animal enclosures , although constraints like size and expense makes it difficult to create ideal captive environments for some species , such as dolphins and whales .
next , bugs dresses up as a teenage bobby soxer and asks giovanni for an autograph , only the pen is a stick of dynamite .	next , bugs dresses up as a teenage bobby soxer and asks giovanni for an autograph , only the pen are a stick of dynamite .
this pattern of false accusations and reading things into words that simply are not there needs to stop , and i am asking you to please stop it now .	this pattern of false accusations and reading things into words that simply are not there need to stop , and i am asking you to please stop it now .
the caribbean island of saint barthélemy was a swedish colony between 1784 and 1878 , and the island 's coat of arms includes the three crowns as part of the design .	the caribbean island of saint barthélemy was a swedish colony between 1784 and 1878 , and the island 's coat of arms include the three crowns as part of the design .
another common technique for handling continuous values is to use binning to discretize the feature values , to obtain a new set of bernoulli-distributed features .	another common technique for handling continuous values are to use binning to discretize the feature values , to obtain a new set of bernoulli-distributed features .
i admit that the parallel is inexact .	i admit that the parallel are inexact .
the theme of much of his works is nature and human sensitivity , feelings and love .	the theme of much of his works are nature and human sensitivity , feelings and love .
well geography borders on a humanity for me , but i think this question of formal definitions comes under the science side .	well geography borders on a humanity for me , but i think this question of formal definitions come under the science side .
the speakers used for bass instrument amplification tend to be more heavy-duty than speakers used for regular electric guitar , and the speaker cabinets are typically more rigidly constructed and heavily braced , to prevent unwanted buzzes and rattles .	the speakers used for bass instrument amplification tends to be more heavy-duty than speakers used for regular electric guitar , and the speaker cabinets are typically more rigidly constructed and heavily braced , to prevent unwanted buzzes and rattles .
glue traps are non-poisonous sticky glue spread over card boards and the like and kept in places rats frequent , which gets them stuck to it when they pass over it .	glue traps is non-poisonous sticky glue spread over card boards and the like and kept in places rats frequent , which gets them stuck to it when they pass over it .
delete this article is a trivia section .	delete this article are a trivia section .
almost all blogs , except those few with professional fact checking and editorial control are unacceptable as reliable sources on wikipedia , and should be removed .	almost all blogs , except those few with professional fact checking and editorial control is unacceptable as reliable sources on wikipedia , and should be removed .
in quebec older , more `` european '' disciplines like road racing and track cycling are popular ( they also have smaller following in english canada ) .	in quebec older , more `` european '' disciplines like road racing and track cycling is popular ( they also have smaller following in english canada ) .
the male calls from the edge of the pond ; the call is a series of low squelching sounds , repeated every few seconds .	the male call from the edge of the pond ; the call is a series of low squelching sounds , repeated every few seconds .
all the frames in a circular arc hull have the same radius .	all the frames in a circular arc hull has the same radius .
the lyrics of the song tell the tale of the superhero wonderboy ( black ) as he forms an alliance with his lute-wielding arch-rival young nasty man ( kg ) and forms the band tenacious d .	the lyrics of the song tells the tale of the superhero wonderboy ( black ) as he forms an alliance with his lute-wielding arch-rival young nasty man ( kg ) and forms the band tenacious d .
the specifics addressed by a garden sharing agreement are potentially numerous , and the contract itself may be simple or exhaustive .	the specifics addressed by a garden sharing agreement is potentially numerous , and the contract itself may be simple or exhaustive .
the game , like its predecessors , is available either in a 29 '' standard twin cabinet or a 52 '' deluxe twin .	the game , like its predecessors , are available either in a 29 '' standard twin cabinet or a 52 '' deluxe twin .
the essential subjects of military history study are the causes of war , the social and cultural foundations , military doctrine on each side , the logistics , leadership , technology , strategy , and tactics used , and how these changed over time .	the essential subjects of military history study is the causes of war , the social and cultural foundations , military doctrine on each side , the logistics , leadership , technology , strategy , and tactics used , and how these changed over time .
centers of chess activity in the early 19th century are coffee houses in the major european cities like café de la régence in paris and simpson 's divan in london .	centers of chess activity in the early 19th century is coffee houses in the major european cities like café de la régence in paris and simpson 's divan in london .
ellison and farnsworth came to the conclusion that carnivorous plants use more energy than other types ; so in relation to evolution , carnivory must be a last resort when nutrients are scarce .	ellison and farnsworth came to the conclusion that carnivorous plants uses more energy than other types ; so in relation to evolution , carnivory must be a last resort when nutrients are scarce .
the church is part of the dyrøy parish in the senja deanery in the diocese of nord-hålogaland .	the church are part of the dyrøy parish in the senja deanery in the diocese of nord-hålogaland .
if the supporters of this article want it kept , they need to find some independent reliable sources that actually discuss the subject in detail .	if the supporters of this article wants it kept , they need to find some independent reliable sources that actually discuss the subject in detail .
as of march 2013 , the number of badges available is 131 .	as of march 2013 , the number of badges available are 131 .
the central themes of this episode are conformity , peer pressure , and the perils of leadership .	the central themes of this episode is conformity , peer pressure , and the perils of leadership .
the residents of the area before the arrival of the roman receive the designation of carpetanos by geographer strabo .	the residents of the area before the arrival of the roman receives the designation of carpetanos by geographer strabo .
a feedwater heater is a power plant component used to pre-heat water delivered to a steam generating boiler .	a feedwater heater are a power plant component used to pre-heat water delivered to a steam generating boiler .
the duties of the caucus chair , as with the federal government , depend on the decisions of the caucus .	the duties of the caucus chair , as with the federal government , depends on the decisions of the caucus .
the amount of celebrities he has met is also irrelevant , as well as the actual celebrities he met .	the amount of celebrities he has met are also irrelevant , as well as the actual celebrities he met .
one instance where small bars are taken as signals is in a trend where they appear in a pull-back .	one instance where small bars are taken as signals are in a trend where they appear in a pull-back .
the shear number of media outlets reporting these claims is irrelevant and due to circular sourcing of many of these articles they are far from verifiable .	the shear number of media outlets reporting these claims are irrelevant and due to circular sourcing of many of these articles they are far from verifiable .
water sports such as sailing and wind surfing are available along the passage , but normally require travelling to bribie island .	water sports such as sailing and wind surfing is available along the passage , but normally require travelling to bribie island .
the qualities of freedom , elasticity , and power are paramount .	the qualities of freedom , elasticity , and power is paramount .
parts of the river are a county biological heritage site .	parts of the river is a county biological heritage site .
upon discovering max and tanya are having an affair , despite tanya re-marrying greg jessop ( stefan booth ) , lauren threatens to kill max unless the affair ends , but it secretly continues .	upon discovering max and tanya are having an affair , despite tanya re-marrying greg jessop ( stefan booth ) , lauren threatens to kill max unless the affair end , but it secretly continues .
i am angry that the only solution offered is that i disable my own email , thus preventing legitimate editors from contacting me .	i am angry that the only solution offered are that i disable my own email , thus preventing legitimate editors from contacting me .
thus at least one vacuously true statement seems to actually be true .	thus at least one vacuously true statement seem to actually be true .
here the ace of cups indicates a new beginning of an emotional nature .	here the ace of cups indicate a new beginning of an emotional nature .
light falls of snow are not uncommon in the winter months .	light falls of snow is not uncommon in the winter months .
notable industries today include the yew tree dairy , morris 's bakery and staveley 's egg producer .	notable industries today includes the yew tree dairy , morris 's bakery and staveley 's egg producer .
the park covers an area of , of which forests occupy .	the park cover an area of , of which forests occupy .
the three types of noise jamming are spot , sweep , and barrage .	the three types of noise jamming is spot , sweep , and barrage .
drugs derived from the plant also show potential for reduction and elimination of pancreatic tumors in mice .	drugs derived from the plant also shows potential for reduction and elimination of pancreatic tumors in mice .
students who do not travel further afield for study often attend the james watt college of further and higher education .	students who do not travel further afield for study often attends the james watt college of further and higher education .
two variations of the revolving spool bait casting reel are the conventional surf fishing reel and the big game reel .	two variations of the revolving spool bait casting reel is the conventional surf fishing reel and the big game reel .
evidence from frescoes , mosaics and other media suggests that stylistically , the mummy portraits broadly fit within the prevailing graeco-roman traditions then dominant around the mediterranean .	evidence from frescoes , mosaics and other media suggest that stylistically , the mummy portraits broadly fit within the prevailing graeco-roman traditions then dominant around the mediterranean .
environmental studies and design work are underway , and construction on the i-69 portion of the project was expected to begin in 2012 .	environmental studies and design work is underway , and construction on the i-69 portion of the project was expected to begin in 2012 .
the 3 substrates of this enzyme are butanoyl-coa , h2o , and glyoxylate , whereas its two products are 3-ethylmalate and coa .	the 3 substrates of this enzyme is butanoyl-coa , h2o , and glyoxylate , whereas its two products are 3-ethylmalate and coa .
in eich and metcalfe 's article , the results suggest that internal events , such as imagination and reasoning , are less likely than external events to be remembered after mood shift .	in eich and metcalfe 's article , the results suggest that internal events , such as imagination and reasoning , is less likely than external events to be remembered after mood shift .
i think it is worthwhile to point out that contributors to the article include at least four adminstrators and a number of editors who have substantial knowledge about the subject .	i think it is worthwhile to point out that contributors to the article includes at least four adminstrators and a number of editors who have substantial knowledge about the subject .
the listings for status are e for endangered or t for threatened .	the listings for status is e for endangered or t for threatened .
the dots above the i are a diaeresis ( see also ï ) .	the dots above the i is a diaeresis ( see also ï ) .
gifts to a witness or the husband or wife of a witness are void .	gifts to a witness or the husband or wife of a witness is void .
the sea has a subtropical climate and is frequently hit by tropical cyclones , especially between january and april .	the sea have a subtropical climate and is frequently hit by tropical cyclones , especially between january and april .
the only reliable and useful textual source for the peoples and their original homelands is bede 's ecclesiastical history , written c .	the only reliable and useful textual source for the peoples and their original homelands are bede 's ecclesiastical history , written c .
the transition is the fourth album by saafir , an american hip hop freestyle musician .	the transition are the fourth album by saafir , an american hip hop freestyle musician .
i have participated in wikiproject risc os , which i will pick up again when real life is a little less busy for me .	i have participated in wikiproject risc os , which i will pick up again when real life are a little less busy for me .
the manufacturers around the country are rocket race cars , bloomquist race cars , grt race cars , victory circle race cars , warrior race cars , rayburn race cars , mastersbilt and swartz race cars just to name a few major ones .	the manufacturers around the country is rocket race cars , bloomquist race cars , grt race cars , victory circle race cars , warrior race cars , rayburn race cars , mastersbilt and swartz race cars just to name a few major ones .
remnants of the wall system which can still be seen today include the wall of the forbidden city , which survives intact , various gates including qianmen , tiananmen , deshengmen , either surviving originals or restored , and other small surviving sections of wall .	remnants of the wall system which can still be seen today includes the wall of the forbidden city , which survives intact , various gates including qianmen , tiananmen , deshengmen , either surviving originals or restored , and other small surviving sections of wall .
the shadow is of course a major one but can not easily be helped , short of taking the photo on an overcast day and losing the blue sky .	the shadow are of course a major one but can not easily be helped , short of taking the photo on an overcast day and losing the blue sky .
similarly , co2 emissions from fossil fuel combustion are the largest source of greenhouse gas emissions within a state .	similarly , co2 emissions from fossil fuel combustion is the largest source of greenhouse gas emissions within a state .
i get back to banner elk , north carolina , and now any app that requires my current location puts me as still in sumter , south carolina .	i get back to banner elk , north carolina , and now any app that requires my current location put me as still in sumter , south carolina .
the last line of the miniseries goes to jake , who says , `` you know , captain , i think we oughta go check that place out .	the last line of the miniseries go to jake , who says , `` you know , captain , i think we oughta go check that place out .
in other cases , close parallels in character and function suggest a common heritage , yet lack of linguistic evidence makes it difficult to prove , as in the case of the greek moirai and the norns of norse mythology .	in other cases , close parallels in character and function suggests a common heritage , yet lack of linguistic evidence makes it difficult to prove , as in the case of the greek moirai and the norns of norse mythology .
the reduction in floods has consequences for wildlife , birds and trees .	the reduction in floods have consequences for wildlife , birds and trees .
the best-known examples of water privatization in the late 20th century are those undertaken in england under margaret thatcher , the manila and buenos aires concessions as well as the failed privatization in cochabamba , bolivia , which became a symbol of the struggle against globalization .	the best-known examples of water privatization in the late 20th century is those undertaken in england under margaret thatcher , the manila and buenos aires concessions as well as the failed privatization in cochabamba , bolivia , which became a symbol of the struggle against globalization .
major deposits of tungsten , bismuth and molybdenum make chenzhou a production base for non-ferrous metals .	major deposits of tungsten , bismuth and molybdenum makes chenzhou a production base for non-ferrous metals .
it hurts a lot more if people are unable or delayed in finding articles on wikipedia .	it hurts a lot more if people is unable or delayed in finding articles on wikipedia .
the reasons given for the removal of the picture from the article are not valid .	the reasons given for the removal of the picture from the article is not valid .
the military units in the film remake i am legend are members of the fighting 69th .	the military units in the film remake i am legend is members of the fighting 69th .
notable acts that had made it onto the talk show as well include eminem , usher , lady gaga , black eyed peas and rihanna .	notable acts that had made it onto the talk show as well includes eminem , usher , lady gaga , black eyed peas and rihanna .
like her successor martha , rose is from london ; brett mills from the university of east anglia makes the assumption that this is because characters from the capital of the country are `` relatable to all british people '' because they are seen as `` neutral '' .	like her successor martha , rose is from london ; brett mills from the university of east anglia makes the assumption that this is because characters from the capital of the country is `` relatable to all british people '' because they are seen as `` neutral '' .
rankings for graduate level education are not specifically formal as other professional disciplines .	rankings for graduate level education is not specifically formal as other professional disciplines .
its purpose for contestants is to gain some extra points for upcoming challenges .	its purpose for contestants are to gain some extra points for upcoming challenges .
other famous songs from the album include baga nas , zurag shig büsgüi and nulimsaa tevch'ye .	other famous songs from the album includes baga nas , zurag shig büsgüi and nulimsaa tevch'ye .
the votes in this discussion , 8 keep and 3 delete , say its notable .	the votes in this discussion , 8 keep and 3 delete , says its notable .
irrigation methods such as furrow and overhead sprinkler irrigation are usually less expensive but are also typically less efficient , because much of the water evaporates , runs off or drains below the root zone .	irrigation methods such as furrow and overhead sprinkler irrigation is usually less expensive but are also typically less efficient , because much of the water evaporates , runs off or drains below the root zone .
broad programs of study are available that offer specialized courses in all areas of civil engineering .	broad programs of study is available that offer specialized courses in all areas of civil engineering .
results of an individual episode of a game show are seldomly notable , and rarely covered in any independent source except for maybe fansites .	results of an individual episode of a game show is seldomly notable , and rarely covered in any independent source except for maybe fansites .
the sources that were brought up in deletion review all appear to be blog or catalog entries of one form or another which ca n't confer notability .	the sources that were brought up in deletion review all appears to be blog or catalog entries of one form or another which ca n't confer notability .
the technical capabilities needed to implement an online rich text editor are still not covered by the w3c specifications for html4 .	the technical capabilities needed to implement an online rich text editor is still not covered by the w3c specifications for html4 .
symptoms of mild dehydration include thirst , decreased urine volume , abnormally dark urine , unexplained tiredness , irritability , lack of tears when crying , headache , dry mouth , dizziness when standing due to orthostatic hypotension , and in some cases insomnia .	symptoms of mild dehydration includes thirst , decreased urine volume , abnormally dark urine , unexplained tiredness , irritability , lack of tears when crying , headache , dry mouth , dizziness when standing due to orthostatic hypotension , and in some cases insomnia .
the specifics of his army organization are too in-depth for me to critique .	the specifics of his army organization is too in-depth for me to critique .
the version without the commercials seems to be one of the better quality versions , and those who find private sellers occasionally end up with the semi-rare custom dvd artwork .	the version without the commercials seem to be one of the better quality versions , and those who find private sellers occasionally end up with the semi-rare custom dvd artwork .
although the length of the daily trojan varies depending on the volume of advertisements , larger issues throughout the semester include the orientation version , career guide , transportation guide , and restaurant guide .	although the length of the daily trojan varies depending on the volume of advertisements , larger issues throughout the semester includes the orientation version , career guide , transportation guide , and restaurant guide .
unless all the computer scientists in the world are wrong , one or both of the statements in the article are incorrect .	unless all the computer scientists in the world is wrong , one or both of the statements in the article are incorrect .
the objective is to reduce the opponent 's health to zero using basic attacks and special techniques unique to each character that are derived from techniques they use in the naruto anime or manga .	the objective are to reduce the opponent 's health to zero using basic attacks and special techniques unique to each character that are derived from techniques they use in the naruto anime or manga .
four scientists , a newspaper man and a construction tycoon agree to spend 261 days in isolation in an interstellar flight simulation to planet antheon , a world that would be a potential target for future human colonization .	four scientists , a newspaper man and a construction tycoon agrees to spend 261 days in isolation in an interstellar flight simulation to planet antheon , a world that would be a potential target for future human colonization .
references provided as evidence are sometimes from french articles .	references provided as evidence is sometimes from french articles .
flaws near or on the surface of a diamond also appear a rough patches and are usually removed when the diamond is being cut for sale .	flaws near or on the surface of a diamond also appears a rough patches and are usually removed when the diamond is being cut for sale .
the area is one of the most congested colony with a population of around 3 .	the area are one of the most congested colony with a population of around 3 .
his major areas of patient care , teaching and research include imaging , adult congenital heart disease , hypertrophic cardiomyopathies , valvular heart disease , pericardial diseases , marfan disease and aortopathies and diastolic heart failure .	his major areas of patient care , teaching and research includes imaging , adult congenital heart disease , hypertrophic cardiomyopathies , valvular heart disease , pericardial diseases , marfan disease and aortopathies and diastolic heart failure .
truth in aging accepts no payments for their reviews and makes full disclosure when a product has been supplied by a marketer .	truth in aging accepts no payments for their reviews and make full disclosure when a product has been supplied by a marketer .
aptly enough , its annual book , published in more than 100 countries in 37 languages , is the world 's best-selling copyrighted book .	aptly enough , its annual book , published in more than 100 countries in 37 languages , are the world 's best-selling copyrighted book .
tolls on the turnpike are an average of 7 .	tolls on the turnpike is an average of 7 .
among 787 flight systems , a key change from traditional airliners is the electrical architecture .	among 787 flight systems , a key change from traditional airliners are the electrical architecture .
the two main settlements in the area are at barcaldine and aramac .	the two main settlements in the area is at barcaldine and aramac .
the bay is frozen for about nine months in a year and even in summer it is never quite free of ice floes .	the bay are frozen for about nine months in a year and even in summer it is never quite free of ice floes .
other species , such as the mountain plover and the burrowing owl , also rely on prairie dog burrows for nesting areas .	other species , such as the mountain plover and the burrowing owl , also relies on prairie dog burrows for nesting areas .
another point to consider is that the criteria for reviewing and featuring a pop culture article are easier to meet .	another point to consider is that the criteria for reviewing and featuring a pop culture article is easier to meet .
in the twentieth century , the movements of logical positivism and ordinary language philosophy have similarities with pragmatism .	in the twentieth century , the movements of logical positivism and ordinary language philosophy has similarities with pragmatism .
in pakistan the number of midwives per 1 , 000 live births is 10 and the lifetime risk of death for pregnant women is 1 in 93 .	in pakistan the number of midwives per 1 , 000 live births are 10 and the lifetime risk of death for pregnant women is 1 in 93 .
pithora is connected through national highway ( nh-6 ) , and nearest railway station is bagbahara ( 30 km ) in raipur vishakapatnam railway route .	pithora is connected through national highway ( nh-6 ) , and nearest railway station are bagbahara ( 30 km ) in raipur vishakapatnam railway route .
some types of buoy provide an attachment for a strobe light , cyalume stick or writing slate , which can convey signals to the surface support .	some types of buoy provides an attachment for a strobe light , cyalume stick or writing slate , which can convey signals to the surface support .
the list of destinations includes buenos aires and cordoba , at the head of the list of destinations chosen by the rings , along with la pampa , chubut , santa cruz and tierra del fuego .	the list of destinations include buenos aires and cordoba , at the head of the list of destinations chosen by the rings , along with la pampa , chubut , santa cruz and tierra del fuego .
teleprompter use by the president of the united states is not new to obama .	teleprompter use by the president of the united states are not new to obama .
cycling jerseys of specific colour or pattern represent certain statuses in cycling , such as the maillot jaune ( yellow jersey ) of the leader of the tour de france , or the rainbow jersey .	cycling jerseys of specific colour or pattern represents certain statuses in cycling , such as the maillot jaune ( yellow jersey ) of the leader of the tour de france , or the rainbow jersey .
the guy who brings more valuable data to one of our articles is welcome , his conduct when opposed might be childish and disapproved , our love of pure justice must not induce us to bite him .	the guy who brings more valuable data to one of our articles are welcome , his conduct when opposed might be childish and disapproved , our love of pure justice must not induce us to bite him .
remnants of this station 's original foundation and platform are still visible just south of the point where barlows landing road crosses the train tracks .	remnants of this station 's original foundation and platform is still visible just south of the point where barlows landing road crosses the train tracks .
the plan is conditional on funding from other levels of government .	the plan are conditional on funding from other levels of government .
after the scene concludes you will see the statistics of all eight matches .	after the scene conclude you will see the statistics of all eight matches .
i strongly disagree that things should be excluded because of which group of people is interested in it .	i strongly disagree that things should be excluded because of which group of people are interested in it .
the story builds on the legacy of john wyndham 's style of disaster fiction .	the story build on the legacy of john wyndham 's style of disaster fiction .
archaeological evidence ( such as the earthworks associated with burial mounds , settlements and enclosures ) suggests that there was settlement in wick from around 1600bc when a small proto-celtic community may have developed , probably farming the surrounding land on a subsistence basis .	archaeological evidence ( such as the earthworks associated with burial mounds , settlements and enclosures ) suggest that there was settlement in wick from around 1600bc when a small proto-celtic community may have developed , probably farming the surrounding land on a subsistence basis .
the main characters of the series are five 10-year-old children who operate from their high-tech treehouse .	the main characters of the series is five 10-year-old children who operate from their high-tech treehouse .
under the rome statute , the icc can only investigate and prosecute the four core international crimes in situations where states are `` unable '' or `` unwilling '' to do so themselves .	under the rome statute , the icc can only investigate and prosecute the four core international crimes in situations where states is `` unable '' or `` unwilling '' to do so themselves .
on one such trip , ronald is also along for the ride , and his unwanted attentions during yet another unsuccessful marriage proposal cause the flustered mary to accidentally swerve off the road and get her car stuck near the outskirts of little bend .	on one such trip , ronald is also along for the ride , and his unwanted attentions during yet another unsuccessful marriage proposal causes the flustered mary to accidentally swerve off the road and get her car stuck near the outskirts of little bend .
baire functions of class n , for any countable ordinal number n , form a vector space of real-valued functions defined on a topological space , as follows .	baire functions of class n , for any countable ordinal number n , forms a vector space of real-valued functions defined on a topological space , as follows .
note how adjacent balls along each edge of the regular tetrahedron enclosing the stack are all in direct contact with one another .	note how adjacent balls along each edge of the regular tetrahedron enclosing the stack is all in direct contact with one another .
boasting an infrastructure that promotes efficient integration and creative collaboration , the las production schedule also includes contributions to projects from other lucasfilm companies .	boasting an infrastructure that promotes efficient integration and creative collaboration , the las production schedule also include contributions to projects from other lucasfilm companies .
the houses have five to eleven storeys .	the houses has five to eleven storeys .
above the falls itself , the river is level and calm .	above the falls itself , the river are level and calm .
so , the poor , undernourished , very young and very old , and people with preexisting respiratory disease and other ill health , are more at risk .	so , the poor , undernourished , very young and very old , and people with preexisting respiratory disease and other ill health , is more at risk .
the key to homophones is knowing what grammatical or syntactic function each different word has , not just how each is spelt .	the key to homophones is knowing what grammatical or syntactic function each different word have , not just how each is spelt .
changes in diagnostic practice and increased availability of effective early intervention make it unclear whether these findings can be generalized to recently diagnosed children .	changes in diagnostic practice and increased availability of effective early intervention makes it unclear whether these findings can be generalized to recently diagnosed children .
blp issues coupled with undue weight and a general limited notability i think the wikipedia and the world and the subject are better of without this blp .	blp issues coupled with undue weight and a general limited notability i thinks the wikipedia and the world and the subject are better of without this blp .
when the edges of the beam and blade are parallel , a small mark on the swivel plate coincides with the zero line on the graduated dial .	when the edges of the beam and blade is parallel , a small mark on the swivel plate coincides with the zero line on the graduated dial .
music criteria are satisfied ( the history and discography ) are unsourced .	music criteria are satisfied ( the history and discography ) is unsourced .
the movie soundtrack is the only place to find this song , and also youtube .	the movie soundtrack are the only place to find this song , and also youtube .
portals in science fiction allow rapid travel between distant locations , often originating from some combination of natural phenomenon and technological device .	portals in science fiction allows rapid travel between distant locations , often originating from some combination of natural phenomenon and technological device .
this version takes place mostly in the districts of madurai , trichy , pudukkottai , dindigul , theni , thanjavur , salem .	this version take place mostly in the districts of madurai , trichy , pudukkottai , dindigul , theni , thanjavur , salem .
route 13 then intersects the southern terminus of pennsylvania route 513 before featuring another interchange with pennsylvania route 132 ( street road ) .	route 13 then intersect the southern terminus of pennsylvania route 513 before featuring another interchange with pennsylvania route 132 ( street road ) .
for example , the circumstances of the hero 's conception are unusual ; an attempt is made by a powerful male at his birth to kill him ; he is spirited away ; reared by foster-parents in a far country .	for example , the circumstances of the hero 's conception is unusual ; an attempt is made by a powerful male at his birth to kill him ; he is spirited away ; reared by foster-parents in a far country .
concentrations in surface water alone are not sufficient to assess the risk of negative environmental effects of these synthetic chemicals .	concentrations in surface water alone is not sufficient to assess the risk of negative environmental effects of these synthetic chemicals .
the only link is from detroit fashion week so it may be worth rewriting if he is significant enough in fashion .	the only link are from detroit fashion week so it may be worth rewriting if he is significant enough in fashion .
however , the class of expressions considered to be analytical expressions tends to be wider than that for closed-form expressions .	however , the class of expressions considered to be analytical expressions tend to be wider than that for closed-form expressions .
papilio androgeus laodocus ( fabricius , 1793 ) ( brazil ( minas gerais , paraná ) , paraguay , argentina ) the yellow area of the male is pale , the small spots placed before the extremity of the cell are smaller and often entirely wanting .	papilio androgeus laodocus ( fabricius , 1793 ) ( brazil ( minas gerais , paraná ) , paraguay , argentina ) the yellow area of the male is pale , the small spots placed before the extremity of the cell is smaller and often entirely wanting .
national guidelines regarding spinal manipulation vary country to country ; some do not recommend , while others recommend a short course of manipulative therapy for those who do not improve with other interventions .	national guidelines regarding spinal manipulation varies country to country ; some do not recommend , while others recommend a short course of manipulative therapy for those who do not improve with other interventions .
the origins of noise rock are in the first rock musicians who explored extreme dissonance and electronic feedback .	the origins of noise rock is in the first rock musicians who explored extreme dissonance and electronic feedback .
victor 's brother , with his villainous ideas and evil notions , is much like his mother .	victor 's brother , with his villainous ideas and evil notions , are much like his mother .
a spacer arm , generally consisting of several atoms , separates the two molecules , and the nature and length of this spacer is important to consider when designing an assay involving the selected crosslinker .	a spacer arm , generally consisting of several atoms , separate the two molecules , and the nature and length of this spacer is important to consider when designing an assay involving the selected crosslinker .
the boot flag appears in a disk editor at the beginning of a partition record , as the value 0x80 .	the boot flag appear in a disk editor at the beginning of a partition record , as the value 0x80 .
artists featured on the compilation album include ulver , nest , syven , les discrets , neun welten , nucleus torn , orplid , and tenhi .	artists featured on the compilation album includes ulver , nest , syven , les discrets , neun welten , nucleus torn , orplid , and tenhi .
but , as the story progresses , it is shown that elliot is a lovable , amusing character who is really very sweet .	but , as the story progress , it is shown that elliot is a lovable , amusing character who is really very sweet .
the results of this complaint remain unknown .	the results of this complaint remains unknown .
you are seemingly endlessly confused about the accusations of systemic abuse because you are as ever clueless about what a pov pusher actually is as when you first arrived here .	you are seemingly endlessly confused about the accusations of systemic abuse because you are as ever clueless about what a pov pusher actually are as when you first arrived here .
cash transfers between a branch and overseas head office and back are not subject to withholding tax and are not considered taxable income or deductible expenses .	cash transfers between a branch and overseas head office and back is not subject to withholding tax and are not considered taxable income or deductible expenses .
the quality of sources varies considerably , and assessing it is difficult .	the quality of sources vary considerably , and assessing it is difficult .
people profiled in the book include ted kennedy , nancy pelosi , bill and hillary clinton , ralph nader , al franken , cornel west , michael moore , george soros , noam chomsky , barbra streisand and gloria steinem .	people profiled in the book includes ted kennedy , nancy pelosi , bill and hillary clinton , ralph nader , al franken , cornel west , michael moore , george soros , noam chomsky , barbra streisand and gloria steinem .
however , path integrals in the sense of this article are important in quantum mechanics ; for example , complex contour integration is often used in evaluating probability amplitudes in quantum scattering theory .	however , path integrals in the sense of this article is important in quantum mechanics ; for example , complex contour integration is often used in evaluating probability amplitudes in quantum scattering theory .
the competitor pulls a vehicle from a stationary start , for a prescribed distance - fastest over the course wins .	the competitor pull a vehicle from a stationary start , for a prescribed distance - fastest over the course wins .
all units from a given protein project have uniform base credit , which is determined by benchmarking one or more work units from that project on an official reference machine before the project is released .	all units from a given protein project has uniform base credit , which is determined by benchmarking one or more work units from that project on an official reference machine before the project is released .
a limitation of x terminals and most thin clients is that they are not capable of any input or output other than the keyboard , mouse , and display .	a limitation of x terminals and most thin clients are that they are not capable of any input or output other than the keyboard , mouse , and display .
i think the real reason is sudden synovial fluid shifts as the joint travels through its range of motion .	i think the real reason are sudden synovial fluid shifts as the joint travels through its range of motion .
the use of pronouns illustrates the disregard for presuppositions as well .	the use of pronouns illustrate the disregard for presuppositions as well .
all parameters except the agency name are optional .	all parameters except the agency name is optional .
mentholatum in the 21st centuryas of 2005 , the company sells its products in more than 130 countries .	mentholatum in the 21st centuryas of 2005 , the company sell its products in more than 130 countries .
the process efficiencies of the electron beam and the feedstock make the ebf3 process attractive for in-space use .	the process efficiencies of the electron beam and the feedstock makes the ebf3 process attractive for in-space use .
vverifiably caused confusion , and list of songs with such similar titles that they have confused people is just ridiculous .	vverifiably caused confusion , and list of songs with such similar titles that they have confused people are just ridiculous .
the two most important physiochemical properties of cooking quality of rice are amylose content and gelatinization temperature .	the two most important physiochemical properties of cooking quality of rice is amylose content and gelatinization temperature .
the famine codes and malnutrition section of the talk page have the relevant details .	the famine codes and malnutrition section of the talk page has the relevant details .
the guncotton problem is not completely solved even today , as an occasional batch of smokeless powder will still deteriorate , although this is extremely rare .	the guncotton problem are not completely solved even today , as an occasional batch of smokeless powder will still deteriorate , although this is extremely rare .
these 2 editors are in an edit war on cnn .	these 2 editors is in an edit war on cnn .
cookie flees , but as the beast comes to the window to continue the chase , we see that she is trapped , by her shirt , on a tree branch .	cookie flees , but as the beast comes to the window to continue the chase , we sees that she is trapped , by her shirt , on a tree branch .
one characteristic of creative people , as measured by some psychologists , is what is called divergent production .	one characteristic of creative people , as measured by some psychologists , are what is called divergent production .
some parts of that construction and art work of the church are still remarkably visible inside the church .	some parts of that construction and art work of the church is still remarkably visible inside the church .
furthering this topic , the items that the player usually gets in a trade are status-improving items .	furthering this topic , the items that the player usually gets in a trade is status-improving items .
short time , after studies she works as art professor in high school , but recently she quits steady job and dedicates completely to her artistic work .	short time , after studies she work as art professor in high school , but recently she quits steady job and dedicates completely to her artistic work .
i really wanted to use this for articles such as burmese language , where font support for the scripts used is uncommon .	i really wanted to use this for articles such as burmese language , where font support for the scripts used are uncommon .
the claims of revert warring are irrelevant , this is not the 3rr noticeboard , which raul654 shopped at previously to this .	the claims of revert warring is irrelevant , this is not the 3rr noticeboard , which raul654 shopped at previously to this .
small amounts of oil and gas remain to be produced from this field .	small amounts of oil and gas remains to be produced from this field .
the walls of the church still stand at their original height but the roof has since collapsed and parts of the structure lie buried .	the walls of the church still stands at their original height but the roof has since collapsed and parts of the structure lie buried .
in those cases authors who want access to the material they submitted to the project in good faith have to rely on administrators to get access to their material .	in those cases authors who want access to the material they submitted to the project in good faith has to rely on administrators to get access to their material .
the episode reveals that deborah has finally succumbed to ms , and he and his daughters have returned to bury her on long island , where she and her family are from .	the episode reveal that deborah has finally succumbed to ms , and he and his daughters have returned to bury her on long island , where she and her family are from .
the stiffness of the aorta is associated with a number of diseases and pathologies , and noninvasive measures of the pulse wave velocity are an independent indicator of hypertension .	the stiffness of the aorta is associated with a number of diseases and pathologies , and noninvasive measures of the pulse wave velocity is an independent indicator of hypertension .
analysts , after completing the business specification , manage the changing business situation to minimize the possibility of change over time .	analysts , after completing the business specification , manages the changing business situation to minimize the possibility of change over time .
two literary works dating from the end of the reign give a picture about amenemhat i 's death .	two literary works dating from the end of the reign gives a picture about amenemhat i 's death .
the two exceptions to the paint scheme are engines 2006 and 2007 .	the two exceptions to the paint scheme is engines 2006 and 2007 .
the company in overseas operations is active across africa and a few countries elsewhere .	the company in overseas operations are active across africa and a few countries elsewhere .
i believe our policy for media stations is to keep the articles by their call letters .	i believe our policy for media stations are to keep the articles by their call letters .
the library holds around 3 , 200 volumes from john anderson , alexander laing and james young collectively , all from a period between 1490 to the end of the 19th century .	the library hold around 3 , 200 volumes from john anderson , alexander laing and james young collectively , all from a period between 1490 to the end of the 19th century .
silla artifacts , including unique gold metalwork , show influence from the northern nomadic steppes , with less chinese influence than are shown by goguryeo and baekje .	silla artifacts , including unique gold metalwork , shows influence from the northern nomadic steppes , with less chinese influence than are shown by goguryeo and baekje .
the fundamental situation has not changed - users are still as blocked as they were six months ago or a year ago or two years ago , and the volume of editors is not suddenly sharply higher .	the fundamental situation has not changed - users are still as blocked as they were six months ago or a year ago or two years ago , and the volume of editors are not suddenly sharply higher .
the obvious approach to things is often the wrong approach , because it will be crowded by many other people who similarly recognize the obvious approach .	the obvious approach to things are often the wrong approach , because it will be crowded by many other people who similarly recognize the obvious approach .
the wax plant benefits from an open potting media that allows some air to get to the roots ; typical mixes include large-grade drainage material such as perlite , pumice , or ceramic balls .	the wax plant benefits from an open potting media that allows some air to get to the roots ; typical mixes includes large-grade drainage material such as perlite , pumice , or ceramic balls .
the application is both an administrative tool and an instructional tool .	the application are both an administrative tool and an instructional tool .
the metre of most poems is the dodecasyllable , but for some christopher uses the dactylic hexameter .	the metre of most poems are the dodecasyllable , but for some christopher uses the dactylic hexameter .
its correct imo that standards of notability are less restrictive for incidents than people - it is a minor crime though and with little long term notability .	its correct imo that standards of notability is less restrictive for incidents than people - it is a minor crime though and with little long term notability .
his main weaknesses are that he is seldom remotely serious and he is susceptible to sucker-attacks while he is distracted by lingerie and women .	his main weaknesses is that he is seldom remotely serious and he is susceptible to sucker-attacks while he is distracted by lingerie and women .
these are formed when chunks of the canyon wall give way in a rockslide .	these are formed when chunks of the canyon wall gives way in a rockslide .
all families are psychotic is the seventh novel by douglas coupland , published in 2001 .	all families is psychotic is the seventh novel by douglas coupland , published in 2001 .
while objectivity and a lack of bias are often considered important , some types of journalism , such as advocacy journalism , intentionally adopt a non-objective viewpoint .	while objectivity and a lack of bias are often considered important , some types of journalism , such as advocacy journalism , intentionally adopts a non-objective viewpoint .
yes , of course , material on living people in articles still needs to be meticulously sourced , but people are still allowed to express opinions in talk pages .	yes , of course , material on living people in articles still need to be meticulously sourced , but people are still allowed to express opinions in talk pages .
their main threat from humans comes from accidental trapping or poisoning within the united states , although they are eaten in some parts of mexico .	their main threat from humans come from accidental trapping or poisoning within the united states , although they are eaten in some parts of mexico .
the movie ends in a cliffhanger .	the movie end in a cliffhanger .
as described above for whole-animal respirometry the choice of materials is very important .	as described above for whole-animal respirometry the choice of materials are very important .
i believe that this article is now worthy to be of such status .	i believe that this article are now worthy to be of such status .
matt hills states that auteur theory can help to create cult films ; fans that see a film as continuing a director 's creative vision are likely to accept it as cult .	matt hills states that auteur theory can help to create cult films ; fans that see a film as continuing a director 's creative vision is likely to accept it as cult .
this also is not a biographical article , and is far from controversial , so even if you did replace sourced information with something unsourced , the chances of someone taking you to task for it are slim to none , so to speak , heh .	this also is not a biographical article , and is far from controversial , so even if you did replace sourced information with something unsourced , the chances of someone taking you to task for it is slim to none , so to speak , heh .
rebecca bromwichtagged for speedy , and almost an nn-bio , but the claims to publication are claims to notability in my book .	rebecca bromwichtagged for speedy , and almost an nn-bio , but the claims to publication is claims to notability in my book .
finally , your point about the semiconductors is totally bogus .	finally , your point about the semiconductors are totally bogus .
one of four corners of the infield which must be touched by a runner in order to score a run ; more specifically , they are canvas bags ( at first , second , and third base ) and a rubber plate ( at home ) .	one of four corners of the infield which must be touched by a runner in order to score a run ; more specifically , they is canvas bags ( at first , second , and third base ) and a rubber plate ( at home ) .
i have absolutely no intention of setting myself above a recognised national expert , so you must do with the page as you , the very far removed experts , see fit .	i have absolutely no intention of setting myself above a recognised national expert , so you must do with the page as you , the very far removed experts , sees fit .
the eighteenth dynasty tombs within the valley vary a good deal in decoration , style and location .	the eighteenth dynasty tombs within the valley varies a good deal in decoration , style and location .
wikipedia table of contents templates contains a number of specialized toc templates .	wikipedia table of contents templates contain a number of specialized toc templates .
utc on june 28 unless the other listed editors choose to join in .	utc on june 28 unless the other listed editors chooses to join in .
good views from the reserve are over the scarp and the severn vale .	good views from the reserve is over the scarp and the severn vale .
while the individual strands of a linear double helix represent two distinct and separable molecules , this need not be true for circular dna .	while the individual strands of a linear double helix represents two distinct and separable molecules , this need not be true for circular dna .
the cardinal vowels ( a , e , i , o , u ) are very close to their usual values in , e .	the cardinal vowels ( a , e , i , o , u ) is very close to their usual values in , e .
examples of emotion work include showing affection , apologizing after an argument , bringing up problems that need to be addressed in an intimate relationship or any kind of interpersonal relationship , and making sure the household runs smoothly .	examples of emotion work includes showing affection , apologizing after an argument , bringing up problems that need to be addressed in an intimate relationship or any kind of interpersonal relationship , and making sure the household runs smoothly .
articles of note include canstruction and meilin .	articles of note includes canstruction and meilin .
other major races include the preis von europa and the mehl-mülhens-rennen .	other major races includes the preis von europa and the mehl-mülhens-rennen .
sharks nevertheless say that they `` believe in an uncompromised art to be embraced by any one who wants to listen .	sharks nevertheless says that they `` believe in an uncompromised art to be embraced by any one who wants to listen .
the current flight-approved uniform is the army aircrew combat uniform ( a2cu ) , which is outwardly similar to the acu .	the current flight-approved uniform are the army aircrew combat uniform ( a2cu ) , which is outwardly similar to the acu .
and , number of publications is not necessarily that important .	and , number of publications are not necessarily that important .
the occasion where most of the alumni and current students meet is the annual ritual of reunion .	the occasion where most of the alumni and current students meet are the annual ritual of reunion .
further analysis suggests that the barbary stag , including corsican red deer , belongs to a separate species , and should be grouped under the name cervus corsicanus .	further analysis suggest that the barbary stag , including corsican red deer , belongs to a separate species , and should be grouped under the name cervus corsicanus .
the first comprehensive comparison of the genetic blueprints of humans and chimpanzees shows our closest living relatives share perfect identity with 96 percent of our dna sequence .	the first comprehensive comparison of the genetic blueprints of humans and chimpanzees show our closest living relatives share perfect identity with 96 percent of our dna sequence .
this subsection is ambiguous on its face and seems to apply only when the minor is transported across state or international lines to a place where the conduct is already illegal to begin with .	this subsection are ambiguous on its face and seems to apply only when the minor is transported across state or international lines to a place where the conduct is already illegal to begin with .
it was launched in september 2005 with a stated intention of bringing high quality news content to a seemingly underserved readership segment and helping the associated press members attract that audience .	it was launched in september 2005 with a stated intention of bringing high quality news content to a seemingly underserved readership segment and helping the associated press members attracts that audience .
strong keep objections to the style of the article in its current form are irrelevant .	strong keep objections to the style of the article in its current form is irrelevant .
a liquor permit is required to purchase alcohol ; however , alcohol is available in bars and restaurants within hotels .	a liquor permit is required to purchase alcohol ; however , alcohol are available in bars and restaurants within hotels .
the most skilled ensembles such as the madrigals , a chamber choir , often travel off campus to perform at various venues .	the most skilled ensembles such as the madrigals , a chamber choir , often travels off campus to perform at various venues .
contrastingly , his depictions of urban life are dark and dystopian .	contrastingly , his depictions of urban life is dark and dystopian .
together these two wiki definitions are exactly the definition i require .	together these two wiki definitions is exactly the definition i require .
altogether , this means that a family of languages is a cone if it is closed under finite state transductions .	altogether , this means that a family of languages are a cone if it is closed under finite state transductions .
spray application of herbicides , insecticides , and pesticides is essential to distribute these materials over the intended target surface .	spray application of herbicides , insecticides , and pesticides are essential to distribute these materials over the intended target surface .
wittgensteinian use theory or expressivist semantics for natural language , which is to say a theory in which the building blocks of a semantic theory are expressions of attitudes rather than primitives like truth and reference .	wittgensteinian use theory or expressivist semantics for natural language , which is to say a theory in which the building blocks of a semantic theory is expressions of attitudes rather than primitives like truth and reference .
while it is possible through skillful play to minimize the house advantage , it is extremely rare that a player has sufficient skill to completely eliminate his inherent long-term disadvantage ( the house edge ( he ) or house vigorish ) in a casino game .	while it is possible through skillful play to minimize the house advantage , it is extremely rare that a player have sufficient skill to completely eliminate his inherent long-term disadvantage ( the house edge ( he ) or house vigorish ) in a casino game .
the number of combinations of these two values is 2x2 , or four .	the number of combinations of these two values are 2x2 , or four .
however , when the system is overloaded , the set of processes that will miss deadlines is largely unpredictable ( it will be a function of the exact deadlines and time at which the overload occurs .	however , when the system is overloaded , the set of processes that will miss deadlines are largely unpredictable ( it will be a function of the exact deadlines and time at which the overload occurs .
in 1972 he was one of the founders of the half moon theatre in the theatre , his recent work includes performance in the play `` apart from george '' and `` rough music '' in london .	in 1972 he was one of the founders of the half moon theatre in the theatre , his recent work include performance in the play `` apart from george '' and `` rough music '' in london .
all too often visions of the future human and environment exclude from social life the personal connections represented in the passions , choosing instead to focus on the recreation of the material world .	all too often visions of the future human and environment excludes from social life the personal connections represented in the passions , choosing instead to focus on the recreation of the material world .
other features at the time of writing are articles and advice for both online and real-life dating .	other features at the time of writing is articles and advice for both online and real-life dating .
the details of the king 's and the goddess 's dress and crown are persian , but in all other respects the seal is a faithful reproduction of centuries older assyrian seals depicting appearances of the goddess ishtar to members of the imperial ruling class .	the details of the king 's and the goddess 's dress and crown is persian , but in all other respects the seal is a faithful reproduction of centuries older assyrian seals depicting appearances of the goddess ishtar to members of the imperial ruling class .
prevention has been an ongoing challenge because early signs of the disorder are similar to those of other disorders .	prevention has been an ongoing challenge because early signs of the disorder is similar to those of other disorders .
the topics of his work include niuean cosmology and christianity , as well as perspectives on migration and colonialism .	the topics of his work includes niuean cosmology and christianity , as well as perspectives on migration and colonialism .
some territories outside the united kingdom , that use the pound sterling , produce their own coinage , with the same denominations and specifications as the uk coinage but local designs .	some territories outside the united kingdom , that use the pound sterling , produces their own coinage , with the same denominations and specifications as the uk coinage but local designs .
might stock several tons of food per family member and have a heavy duty greenhouse with canned non-hybrid seeds .	might stock several tons of food per family member and has a heavy duty greenhouse with canned non-hybrid seeds .
total amount of tickets sold to the screenings of these six films is 3 , 715 , 948 .	total amount of tickets sold to the screenings of these six films are 3 , 715 , 948 .
it is well established that problems with an article subject that can not be fixed through normal editing are suitable grounds for deletion .	it is well established that problems with an article subject that can not be fixed through normal editing is suitable grounds for deletion .
the community , through administrators , blocks the user but leaves him more or less in the dark about how to resolve the situation .	the community , through administrators , block the user but leaves him more or less in the dark about how to resolve the situation .
here in the english version all the cells in the rank column are shorter .	here in the english version all the cells in the rank column is shorter .
other aspects , including those which account for the majority of the text of the bill itself , and the funding it provides are only briefly mentioned .	other aspects , including those which account for the majority of the text of the bill itself , and the funding it provides is only briefly mentioned .
the aim of the students ' activities is to utilize the students leisure time in useful activities .	the aim of the students ' activities are to utilize the students leisure time in useful activities .
other schools of thought suggest that chen changxing re-worked two or more of the traditional chen family routines into his own style and then taught it to yang luchan and others .	other schools of thought suggests that chen changxing re-worked two or more of the traditional chen family routines into his own style and then taught it to yang luchan and others .
whilst together pax3 and pax7 currently form the definitive satellite markers , pax genes are notoriously poor transcriptional activators .	whilst together pax3 and pax7 currently form the definitive satellite markers , pax genes is notoriously poor transcriptional activators .
the dances of this type usually have in common that they are danced on the spot , either during parts of the dance or during the entire dance .	the dances of this type usually has in common that they are danced on the spot , either during parts of the dance or during the entire dance .
the references for that section are all print sources .	the references for that section is all print sources .
while social conditioning obviously plays a role , it can also be observed that certain aspects of the masculine identity exist in almost all human cultures .	while social conditioning obviously plays a role , it can also be observed that certain aspects of the masculine identity exists in almost all human cultures .
the main source of injuries comes from stunting , also known as pyramids .	the main source of injuries come from stunting , also known as pyramids .
students of the school 's video production major produce some of the programming seen on cobb edtv , the local educational-access television channel seen on comcast cable tv ( or charter cable in smyrna ) .	students of the school 's video production major produces some of the programming seen on cobb edtv , the local educational-access television channel seen on comcast cable tv ( or charter cable in smyrna ) .
the integral curves of this vector field go from the points of the curve to the point p in finite time .	the integral curves of this vector field goes from the points of the curve to the point p in finite time .
some other characters featured from time to time include jay , jerry , scoop ( the only african american regular character ) bonnie ( spunky 's sister ) susan and a few others .	some other characters featured from time to time includes jay , jerry , scoop ( the only african american regular character ) bonnie ( spunky 's sister ) susan and a few others .
key research topics in landscape ecology include ecological flows in landscape mosaics , land use and land cover change , scaling , relating landscape pattern analysis with ecological processes , and landscape conservation and sustainability .	key research topics in landscape ecology includes ecological flows in landscape mosaics , land use and land cover change , scaling , relating landscape pattern analysis with ecological processes , and landscape conservation and sustainability .
in the event that all four players pass , the player who holds the spadille ( queen of clubs ) must play small beg .	in the event that all four players passes , the player who holds the spadille ( queen of clubs ) must play small beg .
not the best ones , though , only one seems to be close to a reliable source - but the fact that it has some cites now is more than i can say for a lot of articles .	not the best ones , though , only one seems to be close to a reliable source - but the fact that it has some cites now are more than i can say for a lot of articles .
participants in the program receive a certificate that is recognized by admission councils at many 4-year colleges and universities .	participants in the program receives a certificate that is recognized by admission councils at many 4-year colleges and universities .
curved spacetimethis article is sloppy , incomplete , and inaccurate .	curved spacetimethis article are sloppy , incomplete , and inaccurate .
if you feel that an edit is unsatisfactory , you should strive to improve it rather than simply reverting or deleting it .	if you feel that an edit are unsatisfactory , you should strive to improve it rather than simply reverting or deleting it .
the list of academic distinctions and honours he has received till now is long .	the list of academic distinctions and honours he has received till now are long .
the remaining eight players compete in pairs of two .	the remaining eight players competes in pairs of two .
the logo used on its garments is that of a left-facing kangaroo .	the logo used on its garments are that of a left-facing kangaroo .
in fact for any ring , the nilpotent elements in the center of the ring are also in the jacobson radical .	in fact for any ring , the nilpotent elements in the center of the ring is also in the jacobson radical .
the plots shown of image impedance and attenuation are the plots of a low-pass prototype filter section .	the plots shown of image impedance and attenuation is the plots of a low-pass prototype filter section .
weak keep it is referred to a lot by various websites ( mainly pot alternative lifestyle related , as well as forums - gets 129 , 000 hits on google .	weak keep it is referred to a lot by various websites ( mainly pot alternative lifestyle related , as well as forums - get 129 , 000 hits on google .
the sections of the park that are open from sunrise to sunset include the playground , water play area and shelters for picnics and parties .	the sections of the park that are open from sunrise to sunset includes the playground , water play area and shelters for picnics and parties .
while both uses of the citation system are acceptable , they should not be mixed .	while both uses of the citation system is acceptable , they should not be mixed .
the distinctions between the learning of knowledge and the learning for social action are evident in the components bennett and hodgson designed into the structural communication technique .	the distinctions between the learning of knowledge and the learning for social action is evident in the components bennett and hodgson designed into the structural communication technique .
under the subjective method , the amount of damages is the minimum price the entitlement holder would accept in a bilateral exchange .	under the subjective method , the amount of damages are the minimum price the entitlement holder would accept in a bilateral exchange .
the duct can also serve as a riser duct in new commercial or residential buildings where the allocated space for ducts is very limited .	the duct can also serve as a riser duct in new commercial or residential buildings where the allocated space for ducts are very limited .
websites , which are increasingly used by the public for health information , contain a wide range of material about fluoridation ranging from factual to fraudulent , with a disproportionate percentage opposed to fluoridation .	websites , which are increasingly used by the public for health information , contains a wide range of material about fluoridation ranging from factual to fraudulent , with a disproportionate percentage opposed to fluoridation .
plants in this family have simple , opposite , decussate leaves with entire ( or sometimes toothed , lobed , or spiny ) margins , and without stipules .	plants in this family has simple , opposite , decussate leaves with entire ( or sometimes toothed , lobed , or spiny ) margins , and without stipules .
the tower is at the west end and the roof has the style of a double hammerbeam .	the tower is at the west end and the roof have the style of a double hammerbeam .
the rural municipality provides police , health , education and highway maintenance services to the rural areas within its townships .	the rural municipality provide police , health , education and highway maintenance services to the rural areas within its townships .
all people bring this as an integral part of themselves to the workplace .	all people brings this as an integral part of themselves to the workplace .
the former site of the mountain house and other hotels is the most-visited section of the escarpment , with over two hundred campsites .	the former site of the mountain house and other hotels are the most-visited section of the escarpment , with over two hundred campsites .
panicking , the dragon burns it up immediately , but the inhalation of the smoke causes kazul to fall ill .	panicking , the dragon burn it up immediately , but the inhalation of the smoke causes kazul to fall ill .
that will need some mentoring , her edits to date are activist and seem problematic to me .	that will need some mentoring , her edits to date is activist and seem problematic to me .
as the college developed miss clough acquired the position of a recognised leader in the education of women , and many things now regarded as a matter of course are due to her initiative .	as the college developed miss clough acquired the position of a recognised leader in the education of women , and many things now regarded as a matter of course is due to her initiative .
in a socialist state the means of production are in the hands of the people ( publicly owned ) .	in a socialist state the means of production is in the hands of the people ( publicly owned ) .
stains on clothing from the flesh of this fruit are difficult to remove .	stains on clothing from the flesh of this fruit is difficult to remove .
personal information , whether of users or of subjects of articles , has no place in wikipedia .	personal information , whether of users or of subjects of articles , have no place in wikipedia .
private cars , limited public transport and taxis ( as well as cycling and walking ) are the primary modes of transport for residents .	private cars , limited public transport and taxis ( as well as cycling and walking ) is the primary modes of transport for residents .
lawsuits in state or federal court are far more expensive than the hearings and adjudications held under the auspices of the nlrb , and take longer to resolve .	lawsuits in state or federal court is far more expensive than the hearings and adjudications held under the auspices of the nlrb , and take longer to resolve .
for phelps , the challenges presented in a creative and evolving business sector provide most people with their main vehicle for the exploration , exercise and development of their talents .	for phelps , the challenges presented in a creative and evolving business sector provides most people with their main vehicle for the exploration , exercise and development of their talents .
for modifying , extending or removing certain functionality of the parent class , often only a few methods of the parent class need to be overwritten by the developer .	for modifying , extending or removing certain functionality of the parent class , often only a few methods of the parent class needs to be overwritten by the developer .
the largest difference between courses and steps is that courses are set in the school schedule , with pupils working at the same time and often in groups .	the largest difference between courses and steps are that courses are set in the school schedule , with pupils working at the same time and often in groups .
the changes in rank are not relative to the hdi list above , but are according to the source ( p .	the changes in rank is not relative to the hdi list above , but are according to the source ( p .
the 3 substrates of this enzyme are 3 , 4-dihydroxyphenethylamine , ascorbate , and o2 , whereas its 3 products are noradrenaline , dehydroascorbate , and h2o .	the 3 substrates of this enzyme is 3 , 4-dihydroxyphenethylamine , ascorbate , and o2 , whereas its 3 products are noradrenaline , dehydroascorbate , and h2o .
stars in the upper main sequence have sufficiently high core temperatures to efficiently use the cno cycle .	stars in the upper main sequence has sufficiently high core temperatures to efficiently use the cno cycle .
with the prime causes of cardiac arrest being ischemic heart disease , efforts to promote a healthy diet , exercise , and smoking cessation are important .	with the prime causes of cardiac arrest being ischemic heart disease , efforts to promote a healthy diet , exercise , and smoking cessation is important .
the shores of the gulf are mountainous , especially in the east .	the shores of the gulf is mountainous , especially in the east .
more advanced features such as word correction and prediction are also available .	more advanced features such as word correction and prediction is also available .
other dominating inhabitants of the river are protozoa , rotifers , cladocera and copepods .	other dominating inhabitants of the river is protozoa , rotifers , cladocera and copepods .
the expression of these metabolite derivatives in these areas suggests that these structures have the ability to synthesize these products from vitamin d .	the expression of these metabolite derivatives in these areas suggest that these structures have the ability to synthesize these products from vitamin d .
varied hues of red brick masonry and limestone constitute the primary building materials for the church .	varied hues of red brick masonry and limestone constitutes the primary building materials for the church .
these three characters , in order of appearance , are gerald winston bey , an english egyptologist ; an egyptian , kāra , and a dragoman named tadros .	these three characters , in order of appearance , is gerald winston bey , an english egyptologist ; an egyptian , kāra , and a dragoman named tadros .
trenches and a vertical exploration shaft are present in the danlou occurrence from past mineral explorations .	trenches and a vertical exploration shaft is present in the danlou occurrence from past mineral explorations .
today , the beautifully rebuilt southern wing houses the raoul wallenberg school of social sciences and , the greatly expanded underground areas , linking the renovated covered riding school and the partially rebuilt main building , provide home for the hungarian museum of natural history .	today , the beautifully rebuilt southern wing houses the raoul wallenberg school of social sciences and , the greatly expanded underground areas , linking the renovated covered riding school and the partially rebuilt main building , provides home for the hungarian museum of natural history .
generally , people who lack article building experience are vandal fighters or fill particular niches .	generally , people who lack article building experience is vandal fighters or fill particular niches .
this article invites a certain amount of pov editing because of issues related to syria itself and to al-assad 's husband .	this article invite a certain amount of pov editing because of issues related to syria itself and to al-assad 's husband .
all members of the genus have alternate leaves .	all members of the genus has alternate leaves .
detailed descriptions of the development and improvement process are excellent .	detailed descriptions of the development and improvement process is excellent .
although espagnole is the french word for spanish , the sauce has little connection with spanish cuisine .	although espagnole is the french word for spanish , the sauce have little connection with spanish cuisine .
serbian relations are foreign relations between the state of palestine and serbia .	serbian relations is foreign relations between the state of palestine and serbia .
his most recognised pieces of work are `` nativity '' , `` dawn of the british raj - sir thomas row in the court of emperor jahangir '' and his murals at rashtraprati bhavan ( the presidential building in new delhi ) .	his most recognised pieces of work is `` nativity '' , `` dawn of the british raj - sir thomas row in the court of emperor jahangir '' and his murals at rashtraprati bhavan ( the presidential building in new delhi ) .
a box of chocolates is also a present .	a box of chocolates are also a present .
questions regarding musical innateness , and emotional responses to music are also major areas of research in the field .	questions regarding musical innateness , and emotional responses to music is also major areas of research in the field .
it happens after long term disruption so it is n't done without good reason , when it is done the community has decided that there contributions in that area are no longer welcome .	it happens after long term disruption so it is n't done without good reason , when it is done the community has decided that there contributions in that area is no longer welcome .
the only ones who seem to think i carried this out with any prejudice or bias are those who disagreed with the results , which is perhaps not surprising , but is probably more revealing of their own opinions than any i might have about the topic .	the only ones who seem to think i carried this out with any prejudice or bias is those who disagreed with the results , which is perhaps not surprising , but is probably more revealing of their own opinions than any i might have about the topic .
most minerals with no iron content are diamagnetic .	most minerals with no iron content is diamagnetic .
the history of flash components produced by third-party developers starts from this point .	the history of flash components produced by third-party developers start from this point .
two redbrick buildings and the base of an old factory chimney next to the hotel are the only surviving remnants of the large industrial premises .	two redbrick buildings and the base of an old factory chimney next to the hotel is the only surviving remnants of the large industrial premises .
actions in the game have to be carried out by the characters that you control , for example if you only have one character in play you can only initiate one action per turn .	actions in the game has to be carried out by the characters that you control , for example if you only have one character in play you can only initiate one action per turn .
that said , his actions are certainly still disruptive , but just not in a socking sort of way .	that said , his actions is certainly still disruptive , but just not in a socking sort of way .
admission to these programs is through the all india engineering entrance examination ( aieee ) .	admission to these programs are through the all india engineering entrance examination ( aieee ) .
the engine has three intake stages , which are sized according to the sound created by the combustion process when running .	the engine have three intake stages , which are sized according to the sound created by the combustion process when running .
only two old houses and a railroad marker remain .	only two old houses and a railroad marker remains .
while its tail is relatively short , a few other species from the genus have equally short tails ( e .	while its tail is relatively short , a few other species from the genus has equally short tails ( e .
presently , jhalawar-baran lok sabha constituency comprises eight vidhan sabha ( legislative assembly ) segments .	presently , jhalawar-baran lok sabha constituency comprise eight vidhan sabha ( legislative assembly ) segments .
this use of dead keys enables one to type a wide variety of precomposed characters that combine various diacritics with either uppercase or lowercase letters , achieving a similar effect to the compose key .	this use of dead keys enable one to type a wide variety of precomposed characters that combine various diacritics with either uppercase or lowercase letters , achieving a similar effect to the compose key .
also the local authorities such as the mayor 's administration and the police need to be notified and their consent has to be given .	also the local authorities such as the mayor 's administration and the police needs to be notified and their consent has to be given .
when a candlelit dinner threatens to lead to intimacy between his parents , stewie shrinks himself and a spaceship-like vessel and enters peter 's body to destroy his sperm .	when a candlelit dinner threaten to lead to intimacy between his parents , stewie shrinks himself and a spaceship-like vessel and enters peter 's body to destroy his sperm .
movies subjected to criticism over allegedly blasphemous content include the last temptation of christ and monty python 's life of brian .	movies subjected to criticism over allegedly blasphemous content includes the last temptation of christ and monty python 's life of brian .
list of philosophical theories is to redirect your copy to the original article and retain that , with its full edit history , as the place to edit .	list of philosophical theories are to redirect your copy to the original article and retain that , with its full edit history , as the place to edit .
characteristics of the sparse matrix converter topology are 15 transistors , 18 diodes , and 7 isolated driver potentials .	characteristics of the sparse matrix converter topology is 15 transistors , 18 diodes , and 7 isolated driver potentials .
the main buildings in the middle of the workshop area remain .	the main buildings in the middle of the workshop area remains .
the speech variety however used by the people has also boholano ( bol-anon ) influences because of its proximity with the province bohol .	the speech variety however used by the people have also boholano ( bol-anon ) influences because of its proximity with the province bohol .
the result is that if the elements of an optimization problem are sufficiently continuous , then some , but not all , of that continuity is preserved in the solutions .	the result is that if the elements of an optimization problem is sufficiently continuous , then some , but not all , of that continuity is preserved in the solutions .
the lack of harmonized codes and standards across international jurisdictions is an additional barrier to ngv market penetration .	the lack of harmonized codes and standards across international jurisdictions are an additional barrier to ngv market penetration .
the other eight tracks on the album are rozen 's own pieces .	the other eight tracks on the album is rozen 's own pieces .
the main factors determining the commercial success of a film include public taste , artistic merit , competition from other films released at the same time , the quality of the script , the quality of the cast , the quality of the director and other parties , etc .	the main factors determining the commercial success of a film includes public taste , artistic merit , competition from other films released at the same time , the quality of the script , the quality of the cast , the quality of the director and other parties , etc .
direct and indirect references to the event symbol or the event itself are just different means for achieving illegal transgression on the rights of event organizers .	direct and indirect references to the event symbol or the event itself is just different means for achieving illegal transgression on the rights of event organizers .
google search suggests that the latter is relevant .	google search suggest that the latter is relevant .
as of december 2011 , rough grading work of the twinned sections is underway with some primary layers of asphalt overlay but no sections are yet open to traffic .	as of december 2011 , rough grading work of the twinned sections are underway with some primary layers of asphalt overlay but no sections are yet open to traffic .
after the battle between the monsters , the party comes across an island with a huge geyser , which lidenbrock names `` axel 's island '' .	after the battle between the monsters , the party come across an island with a huge geyser , which lidenbrock names `` axel 's island '' .
the lowest levels ( of vinyl chloride exposure ) that produce liver changes , nerve damage , and immune reaction in people are not known .	the lowest levels ( of vinyl chloride exposure ) that produces liver changes , nerve damage , and immune reaction in people are not known .
the people there are fluent in english and spanish .	the people there is fluent in english and spanish .
the second paragraph is like an island ; none of the points are explained or expanded upon later in the article .	the second paragraph are like an island ; none of the points are explained or expanded upon later in the article .
the articles on color and color vision are useful .	the articles on color and color vision is useful .
the people on death row include foreign nationals , many of whom were convicted of drug-related offences .	the people on death row includes foreign nationals , many of whom were convicted of drug-related offences .
changes to the single player mode include optional jumping sequences , and overall console-tailored controls .	changes to the single player mode includes optional jumping sequences , and overall console-tailored controls .
america and europe were originally adjacent to one another ; hence the rocks on each continent are difficult to distinguish and the source is open to interpretation ( grousset et al .	america and europe were originally adjacent to one another ; hence the rocks on each continent is difficult to distinguish and the source is open to interpretation ( grousset et al .
usually the robot ends a battle with a trademark golden hand stab move which drives a hand strike cutting the enemy robots body , pulling out and smashing the heartbox energy device .	usually the robot end a battle with a trademark golden hand stab move which drives a hand strike cutting the enemy robots body , pulling out and smashing the heartbox energy device .
fifteen articles are at fa level and fifteen are ga level articles , with an increase of one article at fa status and a decrease of one at ga status , we need to keep the work up here on getting articles up to ga and fa levels .	fifteen articles is at fa level and fifteen are ga level articles , with an increase of one article at fa status and a decrease of one at ga status , we need to keep the work up here on getting articles up to ga and fa levels .
i would expect that most visitors to the article prefer the article with the picture than without it .	i would expect that most visitors to the article prefers the article with the picture than without it .
the consensus is that the references that have been added to the article during the course of this discussion are sufficient to allow the article to stay .	the consensus is that the references that have been added to the article during the course of this discussion is sufficient to allow the article to stay .
presumed mature males have the first ray of the dorsal and pectoral fins extended into filaments except in c .	presumed mature males has the first ray of the dorsal and pectoral fins extended into filaments except in c .
the veins and the edge of the wing are black .	the veins and the edge of the wing is black .
the people who are promoting the idea that there is some sort of disaster are people who all directly profit from people being scared of it .	the people who are promoting the idea that there is some sort of disaster is people who all directly profit from people being scared of it .
the details of this article are not correct and the author appears to have confused david garner ( former president of the rsc ) with david philips ( the incumbent ) .	the details of this article is not correct and the author appears to have confused david garner ( former president of the rsc ) with david philips ( the incumbent ) .
since i deleted the 3 states , since i was born from china , and live in new hampshire currently , now my page is up to date .	since i deleted the 3 states , since i was born from china , and live in new hampshire currently , now my page are up to date .
their stable of artists includes j .	their stable of artists include j .
massive environmental changes and global disease , attributed to large-scale pollution , cause the collapse of civilization around the world .	massive environmental changes and global disease , attributed to large-scale pollution , causes the collapse of civilization around the world .
however , the difference between them and birds is that these animals act as cannibals and consume their siblings after killing them .	however , the difference between them and birds are that these animals act as cannibals and consume their siblings after killing them .
the school promises to listen to all views of learners ; members of the school council play an important role in representing the pupil voice and contribute to the school 's decision making .	the school promises to listen to all views of learners ; members of the school council plays an important role in representing the pupil voice and contribute to the school 's decision making .
firstly , the current list is completely incomprehensible .	firstly , the current list are completely incomprehensible .
the enlightenment reached tenerife , and literary and artistic figures of this era include josé viera y clavijo , tomás de iriarte y oropesa , ángel guimerá y jorge , mercedes pinto and domingo pérez minik , amongst others .	the enlightenment reached tenerife , and literary and artistic figures of this era includes josé viera y clavijo , tomás de iriarte y oropesa , ángel guimerá y jorge , mercedes pinto and domingo pérez minik , amongst others .
his edits on the talk page are particularly unacceptable .	his edits on the talk page is particularly unacceptable .
general civil engineers work closely with surveyors and specialized civil engineers to fit and serve fixed projects within their given site , community and terrain by designing grading , drainage , pavement , water supply , sewer service , electric and communications supply , and land divisions .	general civil engineers works closely with surveyors and specialized civil engineers to fit and serve fixed projects within their given site , community and terrain by designing grading , drainage , pavement , water supply , sewer service , electric and communications supply , and land divisions .
establishments marked with an asterisk are technically in neighbouring willington .	establishments marked with an asterisk is technically in neighbouring willington .
these questions of love and marriage , and happiness in marriage , indicate how the social climate was changing , allowing for such discussions of gender relations .	these questions of love and marriage , and happiness in marriage , indicates how the social climate was changing , allowing for such discussions of gender relations .
a major draw for tourists is the permanent waterhole , illuminated at night , which draws all types of wildlife , including elephants , lions and black rhinoceros , particularly during the lengthy dry season .	a major draw for tourists are the permanent waterhole , illuminated at night , which draws all types of wildlife , including elephants , lions and black rhinoceros , particularly during the lengthy dry season .
the use of contrasts creates greater tension .	the use of contrasts create greater tension .
horses making a chewing motion with no food in the mouth do so as a soothing mechanism , possibly linked to a release of tension , though some horse trainers view it as an expression of submission .	horses making a chewing motion with no food in the mouth does so as a soothing mechanism , possibly linked to a release of tension , though some horse trainers view it as an expression of submission .
several schools in the area from this period and architectural style remain .	several schools in the area from this period and architectural style remains .
the faculty of mathematics and science includes mathematics , science and ict departments .	the faculty of mathematics and science include mathematics , science and ict departments .
marrying , raising children , working jobs , leisure , art , play etc .	marrying , raising children , working jobs , leisure , art , plays etc .
his work in rabies includes multiple studies investigating efficacy and side effects of tissue culture derived rabies vaccines , as well as leading clinical trials as primary investigator in collaboration with the who .	his work in rabies include multiple studies investigating efficacy and side effects of tissue culture derived rabies vaccines , as well as leading clinical trials as primary investigator in collaboration with the who .
what democracy entails is that people who have no expertise , knowledge , philosophy are quite capable of running a government ; which as experience point out that any ship run like a democracy will run aground .	what democracy entails is that people who have no expertise , knowledge , philosophy is quite capable of running a government ; which as experience point out that any ship run like a democracy will run aground .
teachers with seniority become board members ; there are also outside , non-faculty board members drawn from alumni , past parents , and friends of the school .	teachers with seniority becomes board members ; there are also outside , non-faculty board members drawn from alumni , past parents , and friends of the school .
they soon learn that upon turning 25 , the people of this society commit suicide because they believe it keeps the wraith from coming back to the world .	they soon learn that upon turning 25 , the people of this society commit suicide because they believes it keeps the wraith from coming back to the world .
the several rooms of the history section of the museum cover the entire history of the ryukyus , from early jōmon period culture through the return to japanese sovereignty following the us occupation .	the several rooms of the history section of the museum covers the entire history of the ryukyus , from early jōmon period culture through the return to japanese sovereignty following the us occupation .
rather simple processes which use inline electrical conductivity determination are water purification processes which test how effectively salts have been removed from the output water .	rather simple processes which use inline electrical conductivity determination is water purification processes which test how effectively salts have been removed from the output water .
clubs that have competed in the tournament since its foundation include anderlecht , santos , fluminense , red star belgrade , benfica , montpellier , vasco da gama , botafogo , sparta prague , feyenoord , valencia , marseille , waregem , romania , atlético mineiro , and netherlands .	clubs that have competed in the tournament since its foundation includes anderlecht , santos , fluminense , red star belgrade , benfica , montpellier , vasco da gama , botafogo , sparta prague , feyenoord , valencia , marseille , waregem , romania , atlético mineiro , and netherlands .
competing methods for protein evolution in vitro are phage display , yeast display , bacterial display , and mrna display .	competing methods for protein evolution in vitro is phage display , yeast display , bacterial display , and mrna display .
the chin and throat are also a light yellow , while the sides of the neck and the upper breast are gray .	the chin and throat are also a light yellow , while the sides of the neck and the upper breast is gray .
the soldiers try to get the grim off him as they may hit the doctor with a stray bullet if they try to shoot the grim .	the soldiers tries to get the grim off him as they may hit the doctor with a stray bullet if they try to shoot the grim .
the lack of any real accomplishments makes this company not even a footnote in its industry .	the lack of any real accomplishments make this company not even a footnote in its industry .
the light rail line has traffic signal preemption , so the trams send a signal to the traffic light control when the driver starts the door-closing signal to give the tram a green priority at traffic lights .	the light rail line has traffic signal preemption , so the trams sends a signal to the traffic light control when the driver starts the door-closing signal to give the tram a green priority at traffic lights .
samples of his artwork are available on the internet at www .	samples of his artwork is available on the internet at www .
however most cases of discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation remain relatively uncommon in japan .	however most cases of discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation remains relatively uncommon in japan .
annually 850 , 000 return passengers within the mass market sector buy a holiday from cosmos holidays and monarch 's holiday brands .	annually 850 , 000 return passengers within the mass market sector buys a holiday from cosmos holidays and monarch 's holiday brands .
besides i doubt that this sock is new here , so might be good to do a sleeper check .	besides i doubt that this sock are new here , so might be good to do a sleeper check .
sixth form students at the attached sixth form college have a much more relaxed dress code .	sixth form students at the attached sixth form college has a much more relaxed dress code .
the format of these profiles and packages is as specified in iso 15408 .	the format of these profiles and packages are as specified in iso 15408 .
the researchers on the site admit that none of them have any formal educaiton in the topic .	the researchers on the site admit that none of them has any formal educaiton in the topic .
moreover , anything that members of a proxy chain do on wikipedia will still a matter of public record , and other users can review their contributions and participate alongside them in .	moreover , anything that members of a proxy chain does on wikipedia will still a matter of public record , and other users can review their contributions and participate alongside them in .
the old station also serves as a community center for senior retired citizens , and a meeting place for a group of sculptors .	the old station also serve as a community center for senior retired citizens , and a meeting place for a group of sculptors .
in other words , if elections for state office are to take place in 2010 , 2012 , and 2014 , the officer elected in 2014 must be from a minority background .	in other words , if elections for state office is to take place in 2010 , 2012 , and 2014 , the officer elected in 2014 must be from a minority background .
all members of the commune appear within the physical norms of earth-616 's females , with their leader thundra standing at least a foot higher than anyone else .	all members of the commune appears within the physical norms of earth-616 's females , with their leader thundra standing at least a foot higher than anyone else .
the story takes place during the vietnam war and is set on `` the island '' , a nameless island north of boston .	the story take place during the vietnam war and is set on `` the island '' , a nameless island north of boston .
remnants in the form of a stone tablet appear to kite , giving him clues on how to proceed , before being destroyed by cubia .	remnants in the form of a stone tablet appears to kite , giving him clues on how to proceed , before being destroyed by cubia .
a search of his albums returns little to no results from non-trivial sources .	a search of his albums return little to no results from non-trivial sources .
static charge capacitors with the other plate at infinity ( or earth ) have a low capacitance and can not store much charge .	static charge capacitors with the other plate at infinity ( or earth ) has a low capacitance and can not store much charge .
it is aforementioned , that the demand curve is generally downward-sloping , there may be rare examples of goods that have upward-sloping demand curves .	it is aforementioned , that the demand curve are generally downward-sloping , there may be rare examples of goods that have upward-sloping demand curves .
main areas of interest are political , music , sports and literature bios .	main areas of interest is political , music , sports and literature bios .
styling changes include arrow-shaped radiator grille , amg-specific daytime running lights , two transverse air outlets on each side , `` 6 .	styling changes includes arrow-shaped radiator grille , amg-specific daytime running lights , two transverse air outlets on each side , `` 6 .
an optimal basket of goods occurs where the consumer 's convex preference set is supported by the budget constraint , as shown in the diagram .	an optimal basket of goods occur where the consumer 's convex preference set is supported by the budget constraint , as shown in the diagram .
full-time missionaries and those completely dependent on church welfare assistance are also exempt .	full-time missionaries and those completely dependent on church welfare assistance is also exempt .
your activity level is very low .	your activity level are very low .
all three users who have indicated interest at the project proposal so far appear to approach a project as another club to join , with a social networking bent .	all three users who have indicated interest at the project proposal so far appears to approach a project as another club to join , with a social networking bent .
unless we deal with totalitarian states where govts control all the media and academics on both sides , there is no reason to dismiss domestic authors .	unless we deal with totalitarian states where govts control all the media and academics on both sides , there are no reason to dismiss domestic authors .
it appears to be rather nomadic in parts of its range , but the movements ( possibly only in response to the availability of food ) are generally poorly understood .	it appears to be rather nomadic in parts of its range , but the movements ( possibly only in response to the availability of food ) is generally poorly understood .
but scientists ( and pretty much anyone with a scientific , rather than religious , worldview ) generally apply scientific standards to anything , because it is verifiable .	but scientists ( and pretty much anyone with a scientific , rather than religious , worldview ) generally applies scientific standards to anything , because it is verifiable .
other dances in the municipality include el torito ( the little bull ) which is centered on a frame in the shape of a bull which goes through town with residents dancing around it .	other dances in the municipality includes el torito ( the little bull ) which is centered on a frame in the shape of a bull which goes through town with residents dancing around it .
this connection between falling objects close to the earth and orbiting objects is best illustrated by the thought experiment newton 's cannonball .	this connection between falling objects close to the earth and orbiting objects are best illustrated by the thought experiment newton 's cannonball .
there is strong scientific evidence that increased emissions of greenhouse gas have resulted in global warming and that projections of resulting climate change are valid .	there is strong scientific evidence that increased emissions of greenhouse gas have resulted in global warming and that projections of resulting climate change is valid .
there 's no argument that the line of servers is popular , but they 're not innovative and are just repackaged products that someone else invented , designed , and implemented .	there 's no argument that the line of servers are popular , but they 're not innovative and are just repackaged products that someone else invented , designed , and implemented .
the mosque is a place of pilgrimage for those who seek blessings from the pir who is buried in one corner of the mosque gardens .	the mosque are a place of pilgrimage for those who seek blessings from the pir who is buried in one corner of the mosque gardens .
as might be expected , articles at any point in the peer review process tend to be rated more highly by reviewers , but this distinction is highly sensitive to the article length .	as might be expected , articles at any point in the peer review process tends to be rated more highly by reviewers , but this distinction is highly sensitive to the article length .
grasser 's policies and philosophy as a finance minister suggest a neoliberal stance .	grasser 's policies and philosophy as a finance minister suggests a neoliberal stance .
centrifugal forces and the fact that the object is moving in its own wake mean that detailed examination of the airflow is difficult .	centrifugal forces and the fact that the object is moving in its own wake means that detailed examination of the airflow is difficult .
although the general principles underlying binomial nomenclature are common to these two codes , there are some differences , both in the terminology they use and in their precise rules .	although the general principles underlying binomial nomenclature is common to these two codes , there are some differences , both in the terminology they use and in their precise rules .
note that these constants are dissociation constants because the products on the right hand side of the equilibrium expression are dissociation products .	note that these constants are dissociation constants because the products on the right hand side of the equilibrium expression is dissociation products .
the theories of ghost condensate predict specific non-gaussianities of the cosmic microwave background .	the theories of ghost condensate predicts specific non-gaussianities of the cosmic microwave background .
these colors pass all tests for every type of colorblindness .	these colors passes all tests for every type of colorblindness .
some very small areas totaling under at the city 's southeast edge are in the 2nd district .	some very small areas totaling under at the city 's southeast edge is in the 2nd district .
this was essentially a mechanism for handling the fact that a solar year has an actual length of about 365 .	this was essentially a mechanism for handling the fact that a solar year have an actual length of about 365 .
the fact that people still sometimes speak in these stereotyped ways even in professional settings is much more cultural than linguistic .	the fact that people still sometimes speak in these stereotyped ways even in professional settings are much more cultural than linguistic .
the issues of notability and balance are totally separate .	the issues of notability and balance is totally separate .
the possible short-term effects of this deprivation are anger , despair , detachment , and temporary delay in intellectual development .	the possible short-term effects of this deprivation is anger , despair , detachment , and temporary delay in intellectual development .
this broad statement of principles puts a fig leaf over the obscene morass of argument , opinion , precedent , exceptions and special cases that governs how geographical locations are treated in practice .	this broad statement of principles put a fig leaf over the obscene morass of argument , opinion , precedent , exceptions and special cases that governs how geographical locations are treated in practice .
this accreditation confirms that the institutions are able to offer a modern language education at university level .	this accreditation confirms that the institutions is able to offer a modern language education at university level .
two tennis courts , a basketball court and a walking track are also available a few miles from the park .	two tennis courts , a basketball court and a walking track is also available a few miles from the park .
jeans are not allowed and on mondays ( the so-called dress day ) boys have to wear a dress shirt with a tie and girls have to wear dresses or dressy tops with skirts .	jeans are not allowed and on mondays ( the so-called dress day ) boys has to wear a dress shirt with a tie and girls have to wear dresses or dressy tops with skirts .
the foods incorporated in this diet are organic vegetables , fruits and legumes .	the foods incorporated in this diet is organic vegetables , fruits and legumes .
changes in team progress lead erin to up the stakes of the competition .	changes in team progress leads erin to up the stakes of the competition .
other recipients of the distinguished service cross in world war i who went on to acclaim in world war ii include george s .	other recipients of the distinguished service cross in world war i who went on to acclaim in world war ii includes george s .
so , in other words , a block is mostly preventative , but also correctional .	so , in other words , a block are mostly preventative , but also correctional .
species captured on film for the first time include the dumbo octopus and the hairy anglerfish .	species captured on film for the first time includes the dumbo octopus and the hairy anglerfish .
there is a desperate shortage of virtually all kinds of technical and managerial skills ; indeed , the basic institutions and staff for economic development are often inadequate or absent .	there is a desperate shortage of virtually all kinds of technical and managerial skills ; indeed , the basic institutions and staff for economic development is often inadequate or absent .
this term aims to differentiate content made for the internet from content made for other media , such as cinema or television , that has been converted into a world wide web-compatible format .	this term aim to differentiate content made for the internet from content made for other media , such as cinema or television , that has been converted into a world wide web-compatible format .
toubou and mashashiya militamen are not faction , but militiamen similar to those in tripoli , lebanon from jabal mohsen and sunni part ( faction is group within larger group - simple militiamen do not fulfil that condition ) .	toubou and mashashiya militamen are not faction , but militiamen similar to those in tripoli , lebanon from jabal mohsen and sunni part ( faction are group within larger group - simple militiamen do not fulfil that condition ) .
experimental conditions that can affect the efficiency and specificity of hybridization include ionic strength , viscosity , duplex length , mismatched base pairs , and base composition .	experimental conditions that can affect the efficiency and specificity of hybridization includes ionic strength , viscosity , duplex length , mismatched base pairs , and base composition .
ongoing exhibits throughout the school year feature student works managed by senior students through their curatorial studies .	ongoing exhibits throughout the school year features student works managed by senior students through their curatorial studies .
neighboring districts are ( from the south clockwise ) mueang maha sarakham , kosum phisai and chiang yuen of maha sarakham province , yang talat and khong chai of kalasin province .	neighboring districts is ( from the south clockwise ) mueang maha sarakham , kosum phisai and chiang yuen of maha sarakham province , yang talat and khong chai of kalasin province .
two other concentric circles , one light and one dark , represent light and shadow .	two other concentric circles , one light and one dark , represents light and shadow .
this dance is the only which features this animal .	this dance are the only which features this animal .
there is postulation that the genetic changes may lead to an abnormality in the brain region , evidence for this postulation is that the areas of the brain that control facial expression and urination are in close proximity of each other .	there is postulation that the genetic changes may lead to an abnormality in the brain region , evidence for this postulation is that the areas of the brain that control facial expression and urination is in close proximity of each other .
utility bicycles which require little maintenance and are suited to load carrying are very popular .	utility bicycles which require little maintenance and are suited to load carrying is very popular .
oaks , white pine , and beech are the most common forest species .	oaks , white pine , and beech is the most common forest species .
bubbles of air in the subcutaneous tissue ( arrow ) feel like mobile nodules that move around easily .	bubbles of air in the subcutaneous tissue ( arrow ) feels like mobile nodules that move around easily .
newspapers , broadcast television , and terrestrial radio are all examples of `` vertical media '' which is rapidly declining .	newspapers , broadcast television , and terrestrial radio is all examples of `` vertical media '' which is rapidly declining .
additional uses include processing into a granola product , as an ingredient in soysage and as an ingredient in patés .	additional uses includes processing into a granola product , as an ingredient in soysage and as an ingredient in patés .
therapy involves both preventive measures and treatment of specific bleeding episodes .	therapy involve both preventive measures and treatment of specific bleeding episodes .
some brain functions , like the brain pathway responsible for a basic task like drawing breath , are basically similar in a mouse and an elephant .	some brain functions , like the brain pathway responsible for a basic task like drawing breath , is basically similar in a mouse and an elephant .
its center court is arthur ashe stadium , and its secondary stadium court is louis armstrong stadium .	its center court are arthur ashe stadium , and its secondary stadium court is louis armstrong stadium .
the overall themes for the parade and festival are `` goldrush '' , `` alaskan pioneers '' , and `` early fairbanks history '' ( founded in 1901 ) .	the overall themes for the parade and festival is `` goldrush '' , `` alaskan pioneers '' , and `` early fairbanks history '' ( founded in 1901 ) .
the lower levels of the building , which contain a large food court , contain a distinctive multi-level marble waterfall that falls from the lobby .	the lower levels of the building , which contain a large food court , contains a distinctive multi-level marble waterfall that falls from the lobby .
apartments in the building have ceiling heights of eleven to twelve feet in the public rooms ; the bedroom floors have ceiling heights of 9-10 feet .	apartments in the building has ceiling heights of eleven to twelve feet in the public rooms ; the bedroom floors have ceiling heights of 9-10 feet .
these rules of law , whether common law or statute law , that regulate the obligations of carriers of goods by sea , are of most importance in cases in which there is an affreightment without any written agreement .	these rules of law , whether common law or statute law , that regulates the obligations of carriers of goods by sea , are of most importance in cases in which there is an affreightment without any written agreement .
from this relation it follows that the ring of differential operators with constant coefficients , generated by the di , is commutative .	from this relation it follows that the ring of differential operators with constant coefficients , generated by the di , are commutative .
the road then creates the border between two major golf country clubs , with the country club at mirasol to the north and the pga national golf club , where pga blvd .	the road then create the border between two major golf country clubs , with the country club at mirasol to the north and the pga national golf club , where pga blvd .
during friday , prayers broadcast live on television on 26 june ayatollah ahmad khatami is reported to have said that `` anybody who fights against the islamic system or the leader of islamic society , fight him until complete destruction '' .	during friday , prayers broadcasts live on television on 26 june ayatollah ahmad khatami is reported to have said that `` anybody who fights against the islamic system or the leader of islamic society , fight him until complete destruction '' .
first degrees in business include bachelor of science in business and bachelor of science in entrepreneurship .	first degrees in business includes bachelor of science in business and bachelor of science in entrepreneurship .
this award is given to the best baseball player in the state of michigan each year , and notable previous recipients of the award include major leaguers derek jeter and nate mclouth .	this award is given to the best baseball player in the state of michigan each year , and notable previous recipients of the award includes major leaguers derek jeter and nate mclouth .
the reasons for which the development of the project was ceased are unknown .	the reasons for which the development of the project was ceased is unknown .
completion of the gustatory balance in the mouth rather than in the verrine ; sensations , specifically those of intensity and finish , are therefore strengthened and better controlled by the diners .	completion of the gustatory balance in the mouth rather than in the verrine ; sensations , specifically those of intensity and finish , is therefore strengthened and better controlled by the diners .
the mystery that revolves around what those entities can be interpreted in several ways , and this also makes the genre of the story vary ( fantastic , psychological , magic realism , etc .	the mystery that revolves around what those entities can be interpreted in several ways , and this also make the genre of the story vary ( fantastic , psychological , magic realism , etc .
i took the brfa off the main list until the bot operator returns to this brfa without prejudice to continue .	i took the brfa off the main list until the bot operator return to this brfa without prejudice to continue .
the individual items in a random vector are individual real-valued random variables , and are often manipulated using the same sort of mathematical vector and matrix operations that apply to the other types of vectors , but otherwise usually behave more like collections of individual values .	the individual items in a random vector is individual real-valued random variables , and are often manipulated using the same sort of mathematical vector and matrix operations that apply to the other types of vectors , but otherwise usually behave more like collections of individual values .
the river is one of the symbols of ukrainian nation .	the river are one of the symbols of ukrainian nation .
advances in virus discovery and control continue to be made .	advances in virus discovery and control continues to be made .
your dispute over whether the articles are well organized seems to miss the mark .	your dispute over whether the articles are well organized seem to miss the mark .
juvenile crocodiles are bright yellow in color with some dark bands .	juvenile crocodiles is bright yellow in color with some dark bands .
plants flower repeatedly over the course of their lifespan and have separate male and female flowers , although these are borne together on the same inflorescence .	plants flower repeatedly over the course of their lifespan and has separate male and female flowers , although these are borne together on the same inflorescence .
the critical thing about feathers is that when you push a feather upwards , it kinda unzips and lets air pass through fairly easily - but when you push them down , the little strips lock together to form a fairly airtight seal .	the critical thing about feathers are that when you push a feather upwards , it kinda unzips and lets air pass through fairly easily - but when you push them down , the little strips lock together to form a fairly airtight seal .
whether these four above-mentioned primitive concepts are really minimal ( i .	whether these four above-mentioned primitive concepts is really minimal ( i .
removal of complaints by other users pertaining to yourself and your friends constitutes vandalism , will .	removal of complaints by other users pertaining to yourself and your friends constitute vandalism , will .
indian societal relationships are changing because of female literacy and education , women at work , urbanisation , need for two-income families , and influences from the media .	indian societal relationships are changing because of female literacy and education , women at work , urbanisation , needs for two-income families , and influences from the media .
because of the refraction caused by light traveling through water , and the acrylic sheets used in the creation of the tunnel , the fish appear to be one third smaller than they are .	because of the refraction caused by light traveling through water , and the acrylic sheets used in the creation of the tunnel , the fish appears to be one third smaller than they are .
the activities of the intelligence cycle obtain and assemble information , convert it into intelligence and make it available to its users .	the activities of the intelligence cycle obtain and assemble information , converts it into intelligence and make it available to its users .
this behavior of yours is highly disruptive , and could lead to you being blocked .	this behavior of yours are highly disruptive , and could lead to you being blocked .
the primary barrier for very small employers appears to be price .	the primary barrier for very small employers appear to be price .
it being unfinished and unreleased is the difficulty , as in those cases wikipedia guidelines about speculation toward its completion and a film 's actual notability require a great many more sources dealing specifically with the film and its production than might be required for a released film .	it being unfinished and unreleased is the difficulty , as in those cases wikipedia guidelines about speculation toward its completion and a film 's actual notability requires a great many more sources dealing specifically with the film and its production than might be required for a released film .
us airways flight 1549 -- but the days where an emergency landing was a guarantee of an article are long past .	us airways flight 1549 -- but the days where an emergency landing was a guarantee of an article is long past .
the processes controlling soil p release to surface runoff and to subsurface flow are a complex interaction between the type of p input , soil type and management , and transport processes depending on hydrological conditions .	the processes controlling soil p release to surface runoff and to subsurface flow is a complex interaction between the type of p input , soil type and management , and transport processes depending on hydrological conditions .
if people look up france , they will get an article about france , not a minor article .	if people looks up france , they will get an article about france , not a minor article .
the cervical and thoracic regions of the spine are most capable of this movement .	the cervical and thoracic regions of the spine is most capable of this movement .
the house also has many richardsonian romanesque elements especially in the materials and details .	the house also have many richardsonian romanesque elements especially in the materials and details .
as one biographer explains , bryan 's national campaigning helped congress pass the 18th amendment in 1918 , which shut down all saloons as of 1920 .	as one biographer explain , bryan 's national campaigning helped congress pass the 18th amendment in 1918 , which shut down all saloons as of 1920 .
u ( 1 ) is 1 , a useful check is that the sum of the ranks of the subgroups is less than or equal to the rank of the original group .	u ( 1 ) is 1 , a useful check is that the sum of the ranks of the subgroups are less than or equal to the rank of the original group .
the enzyme from plants and animals also acts on n-acetyl-alpha-d-glucosamine 1-phosphate .	the enzyme from plants and animals also act on n-acetyl-alpha-d-glucosamine 1-phosphate .
beach maintenance efforts , such as beach nourishment , are especially expensive and are subject to persistent maintenance .	beach maintenance efforts , such as beach nourishment , is especially expensive and are subject to persistent maintenance .
the book collects a poem , two plays and thirty-four short pieces by the author , including several of his jorkens stories , with an introduction by carter .	the book collect a poem , two plays and thirty-four short pieces by the author , including several of his jorkens stories , with an introduction by carter .
the layers of this particular outcrop , which is near the high point of the park to its north , show remarkable folding that is aligned with the axis of the coastal mountain ranges , and was produced by the forces that lifted them up .	the layers of this particular outcrop , which is near the high point of the park to its north , shows remarkable folding that is aligned with the axis of the coastal mountain ranges , and was produced by the forces that lifted them up .
users providing outgoing mail sorted by postcode receive no such incentive since postcode areas and districts are assigned using permanent mnemonics , and do not therefore assist with grouping items together into operationally significant blocks .	users providing outgoing mail sorted by postcode receives no such incentive since postcode areas and districts are assigned using permanent mnemonics , and do not therefore assist with grouping items together into operationally significant blocks .
the legend goes that he was an idiot and it is by this devotion to the goddess kalika that he acquired great literary skill .	the legend go that he was an idiot and it is by this devotion to the goddess kalika that he acquired great literary skill .
references in this comment to the article are to this revision .	references in this comment to the article is to this revision .
two irreducible concepts in substance theory are the bare particular and inherence .	two irreducible concepts in substance theory is the bare particular and inherence .
this service on weekdays occasionally extends to westfield tuggerah and wyong station via hue hue road .	this service on weekdays occasionally extend to westfield tuggerah and wyong station via hue hue road .
eml4-alk positive lung cancer is a medical term that refers to a primary malignant lung tumor whose cells contain a characteristic abnormal configuration of dna wherein the echinoderm microtubule-associated protein-like 4 ( eml4 ) gene is fused to the anaplastic lymphoma kinase ( alk ) gene .	eml4-alk positive lung cancer is a medical term that refers to a primary malignant lung tumor whose cells contains a characteristic abnormal configuration of dna wherein the echinoderm microtubule-associated protein-like 4 ( eml4 ) gene is fused to the anaplastic lymphoma kinase ( alk ) gene .
the larger lakes , which hold water all the year round , are the kundra samundar near jhalotar , the lake near nawalganj , the wide expanse of water near kantha and the long chain of lakes in pargana mauranwan .	the larger lakes , which hold water all the year round , is the kundra samundar near jhalotar , the lake near nawalganj , the wide expanse of water near kantha and the long chain of lakes in pargana mauranwan .
excellent examples of this occur in california 's sierra nevada , where many stream courses above 3000 m in altitude contain paternoster lakes .	excellent examples of this occur in california 's sierra nevada , where many stream courses above 3000 m in altitude contains paternoster lakes .
between the years 1761 and 1773 , he was a frequent contributor of paintings , and tinted and crayoned drawings to the exhibitions of the free society of artists ; in these works the effects of sunset , moonlight , and storm play a prominent part .	between the years 1761 and 1773 , he was a frequent contributor of paintings , and tinted and crayoned drawings to the exhibitions of the free society of artists ; in these works the effects of sunset , moonlight , and storm plays a prominent part .
the newer passports offer better security and state-of-the-art anti forging parameters .	the newer passports offers better security and state-of-the-art anti forging parameters .
if the syngas is post-treated by cryogenic processing , it should be taken into account that this technology has great difficulty in recovering pure carbon monoxide if relatively large volumes of nitrogen are present due to carbon monoxide and nitrogen having very similar boiling points which are -191 .	if the syngas is post-treated by cryogenic processing , it should be taken into account that this technology has great difficulty in recovering pure carbon monoxide if relatively large volumes of nitrogen is present due to carbon monoxide and nitrogen having very similar boiling points which are -191 .
research is underway to determine if risks of estrogen supplement use are the same for all methods of delivery .	research is underway to determine if risks of estrogen supplement use is the same for all methods of delivery .
the district contains a blend of residential areas , businesses , commercial development , and orchards .	the district contain a blend of residential areas , businesses , commercial development , and orchards .
the plaintiffs of the class action lawsuit are 30 , 000 ecuadorians living in the amazonian rainforest who claim their ancestral homeland has been polluted by the oil industry .	the plaintiffs of the class action lawsuit is 30 , 000 ecuadorians living in the amazonian rainforest who claim their ancestral homeland has been polluted by the oil industry .
the stated motivations of the project include providing an entrepreneurial alternative to the startup visa act , which has not seen any progress in congress , and 336 on december 13 , 2012 .	the stated motivations of the project includes providing an entrepreneurial alternative to the startup visa act , which has not seen any progress in congress , and 336 on december 13 , 2012 .
the film starts with a saint in a gurukulam announcing to his students that devi 's birth to kill the evil shall come soon .	the film start with a saint in a gurukulam announcing to his students that devi 's birth to kill the evil shall come soon .
most members of the band , past and present , are alumni of the school currently known as riga state gymnasium no .	most members of the band , past and present , is alumni of the school currently known as riga state gymnasium no .
the main difference is in the level of abstraction being considered .	the main difference are in the level of abstraction being considered .
the men in the saloon laugh at the plan for it , but some come along , bringing dogs and guns , including grits ( colin d .	the men in the saloon laugh at the plan for it , but some comes along , bringing dogs and guns , including grits ( colin d .
due to doppler effect , the stars which were originally located behind the rain observer have their images appreciably red-shifted , while those in front are blue-shifted and appear very bright .	due to doppler effect , the stars which were originally located behind the rain observer has their images appreciably red-shifted , while those in front are blue-shifted and appear very bright .
the official site has very little information about map details .	the official site have very little information about map details .
there is no serious issue here and i find that fact that this discussion exists ridiculous .	there is no serious issue here and i find that fact that this discussion exist ridiculous .
the two middle schools that feed into the student body include portions of independence middle school and plaza middle school .	the two middle schools that feed into the student body includes portions of independence middle school and plaza middle school .
a legal rule is kaldor-hicks efficient if it could be made pareto efficient by some parties compensating others as to offset their loss .	a legal rule are kaldor-hicks efficient if it could be made pareto efficient by some parties compensating others as to offset their loss .
randall 's experiences , which qualify her as an authority on the subject of the book , are her original `` contributions in a wide variety of physics studies , including cosmological inflation , supersymmetry , grand unified theories , and aspects of string theory '' .	randall 's experiences , which qualify her as an authority on the subject of the book , is her original `` contributions in a wide variety of physics studies , including cosmological inflation , supersymmetry , grand unified theories , and aspects of string theory '' .
stack pointers may point to the origin of a stack or to a limited range of addresses either above or below the origin ( depending on the direction in which the stack grows ) ; however , the stack pointer can not cross the origin of the stack .	stack pointers may point to the origin of a stack or to a limited range of addresses either above or below the origin ( depending on the direction in which the stack grow ) ; however , the stack pointer can not cross the origin of the stack .
the cj3 's cabin comes standard with six club seats in a center-style configuration , although it is customizable to the owner 's specs .	the cj3 's cabin come standard with six club seats in a center-style configuration , although it is customizable to the owner 's specs .
common industrial applications of this property include diamond-tipped drill bits and saws , and the use of diamond powder as an abrasive .	common industrial applications of this property includes diamond-tipped drill bits and saws , and the use of diamond powder as an abrasive .
the eight exotic species , introduced to the lake in 1958 as part of commercial fishing activity , dominate the fishing resources of the lake , and three of the native species have been declared endangered .	the eight exotic species , introduced to the lake in 1958 as part of commercial fishing activity , dominates the fishing resources of the lake , and three of the native species have been declared endangered .
while larger stations and nodes are notable and deserving to be recognised in a comprehensive encyclopedia , smaller stations such as this with no historical , cultural , social or other significance with respect to transportation are not .	while larger stations and nodes are notable and deserving to be recognised in a comprehensive encyclopedia , smaller stations such as this with no historical , cultural , social or other significance with respect to transportation is not .
using a variety of experimental procedures , studies have shown that infants in their second year of life have an implicit understanding what other people seepoulin-dubois , d .	using a variety of experimental procedures , studies have shown that infants in their second year of life has an implicit understanding what other people seepoulin-dubois , d .
the class of rings which provides all of its right modules with projective covers is the class of right perfect rings .	the class of rings which provides all of its right modules with projective covers are the class of right perfect rings .
in this regard , older cemeteries designed at a time of relatively low-cost labour and limited automation tend to present the greatest difficulties for maintenance .	in this regard , older cemeteries designed at a time of relatively low-cost labour and limited automation tends to present the greatest difficulties for maintenance .
a small number of women having lots of relationships seems like the more likely cause to me .	a small number of women having lots of relationships seem like the more likely cause to me .
some editions of the album include a second disc featuring the all-instrumental version of pelagial with an alternate mix .	some editions of the album includes a second disc featuring the all-instrumental version of pelagial with an alternate mix .
the first 48 miles ( 77 km ) from potash boat ramp are flat water .	the first 48 miles ( 77 km ) from potash boat ramp is flat water .
the two common operators , a dot and a rotated cross , are also acceptable ( although the rotated cross is almost never used ) , but they risk confusion with dot products and cross products , which operate on two vectors .	the two common operators , a dot and a rotated cross , is also acceptable ( although the rotated cross is almost never used ) , but they risk confusion with dot products and cross products , which operate on two vectors .
a backup musician on a few of the tracks is don mclean , mostly known for his song american pie .	a backup musician on a few of the tracks are don mclean , mostly known for his song american pie .
matters of fact have various formal definitions under common law jurisdictions .	matters of fact has various formal definitions under common law jurisdictions .
mitsuomi , his brother , his father , as well as the able-bodied enforcement group members each deal strikes to susano'o , each one doing some damage to him .	mitsuomi , his brother , his father , as well as the able-bodied enforcement group members each deal strike to susano'o , each one doing some damage to him .
the orange ( volcanic ) kitchen island creates a multi-functional gathering point in the heart of the house .	the orange ( volcanic ) kitchen island create a multi-functional gathering point in the heart of the house .
famous people of the city include israeli diplomat yehuda lancry and amir peretz , former israeli minister of defense and leader of the israeli labor party .	famous people of the city includes israeli diplomat yehuda lancry and amir peretz , former israeli minister of defense and leader of the israeli labor party .
however , the linkage between those types of discussions and actual changes to articles is rare .	however , the linkage between those types of discussions and actual changes to articles are rare .
the term is not as widely used in the u .	the term are not as widely used in the u .
article gives no clues as to notability ( if he is in the pdc as it says , where is the proof ) .	article give no clues as to notability ( if he is in the pdc as it says , where is the proof ) .
this specification is a generalisation of the semantics of the befunge programming language , which has a two-dimensional toroidal topology .	this specification are a generalisation of the semantics of the befunge programming language , which has a two-dimensional toroidal topology .
mäkinen 's navigators include compatriots seppo harjanne and risto mannisenmäki , the former retiring from alongside mäkinen having previously served 1985 champion , and fellow `` flying finn '' , peugeot 's timo salonen .	mäkinen 's navigators includes compatriots seppo harjanne and risto mannisenmäki , the former retiring from alongside mäkinen having previously served 1985 champion , and fellow `` flying finn '' , peugeot 's timo salonen .
however , i must underline that racist remarks , based solely on someone 's nationality , are not what wikipedia wants .	however , i must underline that racist remarks , based solely on someone 's nationality , is not what wikipedia wants .
currently , both versions of the album are out of print , and can only be found on sites such as amazon and ebay .	currently , both versions of the album is out of print , and can only be found on sites such as amazon and ebay .
pyroelectric charge in minerals develops on the opposite faces of asymmetric crystals .	pyroelectric charge in minerals develop on the opposite faces of asymmetric crystals .
delete ; the paxequilibrium issue of a few years ago still leaves a bad taste .	delete ; the paxequilibrium issue of a few years ago still leave a bad taste .
precautions are necessary when using hydrox , since mixtures containing more than a few percent of both oxygen and hydrogen are explosive if ignited .	precautions are necessary when using hydrox , since mixtures containing more than a few percent of both oxygen and hydrogen is explosive if ignited .
the first press minutes on file are from the committee on publications meeting of april 20 , 1937 .	the first press minutes on file is from the committee on publications meeting of april 20 , 1937 .
roughly , a string is algorithmic `` martin-loef '' random ( ar ) if it is incompressible in the sense that its algorithmic complexity is equal to its length .	roughly , a string are algorithmic `` martin-loef '' random ( ar ) if it is incompressible in the sense that its algorithmic complexity is equal to its length .
it is not an event promoted by world wrestling entertainment as the article claims , but by one of their developmental territories .	it is not an event promoted by world wrestling entertainment as the article claim , but by one of their developmental territories .
large congregation of people takes place here during the full moon and new moon nights .	large congregation of people take place here during the full moon and new moon nights .
the name obliqua was derived from the latin obliquus , meaning `` oblique '' , which is the botanical term describing a leaf base where the two sides of the leaf blade are of unequal length and do not meet the petiole at the same place .	the name obliqua was derived from the latin obliquus , meaning `` oblique '' , which is the botanical term describing a leaf base where the two sides of the leaf blade is of unequal length and do not meet the petiole at the same place .
the name derives from the word `` archive '' without the v .	the name derive from the word `` archive '' without the v .
the fourth and last force arises from the combination of a relative east or west motion of the atmosphere with the rotatory motion of the earth .	the fourth and last force arise from the combination of a relative east or west motion of the atmosphere with the rotatory motion of the earth .
in this approach , the sensor data about a tentative target are integrated over time and may yield detection in cases when signals from any particular time instance are too weak against clutter ( low signal-to-noise ratio ) to register a detected target .	in this approach , the sensor data about a tentative target are integrated over time and may yield detection in cases when signals from any particular time instance is too weak against clutter ( low signal-to-noise ratio ) to register a detected target .
it is mostly black in colour on the surface , though hairs nearest the skin of the animal are a deep orange colour .	it is mostly black in colour on the surface , though hairs nearest the skin of the animal is a deep orange colour .
the glaciers in the park are on whole shrinking and retreating ; they are also some of the most studied glaciers in north america .	the glaciers in the park is on whole shrinking and retreating ; they are also some of the most studied glaciers in north america .
this stage is the second individual time trial and features two category 2 climbs .	this stage are the second individual time trial and features two category 2 climbs .
the consequences of digital identity abuse and fraud are potentially serious , since in possible implications the person is held legally responsible .	the consequences of digital identity abuse and fraud is potentially serious , since in possible implications the person is held legally responsible .
the campaign is also commonly referred to as the man your man could smell like , being the title of the campaign 's initial 30-second commercial .	the campaign are also commonly referred to as the man your man could smell like , being the title of the campaign 's initial 30-second commercial .
additionally , the amount of links between different entries in the databases reaches over 2 , 000 , 000 .	additionally , the amount of links between different entries in the databases reach over 2 , 000 , 000 .
x-rays ( the commons category for x-rays is painfully threadbare ) , stuff like that .	x-rays ( the commons category for x-rays are painfully threadbare ) , stuff like that .
genie toys plc , in which players collect one of the 46 `` gamoja '' character pieces to battle one another .	genie toys plc , in which players collects one of the 46 `` gamoja '' character pieces to battle one another .
as with the previous issue , numerous varieties exist due to the haste of production .	as with the previous issue , numerous varieties exists due to the haste of production .
one is that the way these edits are made is unduly unhelpful , error prone , and alienating to the community .	one is that the way these edits are made are unduly unhelpful , error prone , and alienating to the community .
this configuration is identical to the weapons presented in the salamander arcade game .	this configuration are identical to the weapons presented in the salamander arcade game .
out of the 1 , 445 words in the article , 1 , 397 are entirely plot material from the primary sources ( the novel and its adaptations ) .	out of the 1 , 445 words in the article , 1 , 397 is entirely plot material from the primary sources ( the novel and its adaptations ) .
the precise dates of the beginning , culmination , and end of the middle history are more or less arbitrarily assumed according to the point of view adopted .	the precise dates of the beginning , culmination , and end of the middle history is more or less arbitrarily assumed according to the point of view adopted .
muster ceremonies today take place in approximately 320 locations globally .	muster ceremonies today takes place in approximately 320 locations globally .
this is not a simpsons-specific phenomenon , and as such this article is non-encyclopedic .	this is not a simpsons-specific phenomenon , and as such this article are non-encyclopedic .
internally converted electrons , which carry a fixed fraction of the characteristic decay energy , have a well-specified discrete energy .	internally converted electrons , which carry a fixed fraction of the characteristic decay energy , has a well-specified discrete energy .
the benefits of a standardized measurement of input speed are that it enables comparison across language and hardware boundaries .	the benefits of a standardized measurement of input speed is that it enables comparison across language and hardware boundaries .
many nations that have maintained only one capital at any given time have , nevertheless , over time , conferred capital status on more than one city .	many nations that have maintained only one capital at any given time has , nevertheless , over time , conferred capital status on more than one city .
the coaster cars of this coaster type are replica biplanes .	the coaster cars of this coaster type is replica biplanes .
the main deposits of the calcium carbonate are at a series of dam-like structures , which are constructed of tufa .	the main deposits of the calcium carbonate is at a series of dam-like structures , which are constructed of tufa .
another problem that needs to be addressed is smaller than the above , however encompasses it .	another problem that needs to be addressed are smaller than the above , however encompasses it .
different parts of the river valley in the commune have different names such as the shupanek valley and coramnic .	different parts of the river valley in the commune has different names such as the shupanek valley and coramnic .
kubler lays out a perspective where processes of innovation , replication , and mutation are in continuous conversation through time .	kubler lays out a perspective where processes of innovation , replication , and mutation is in continuous conversation through time .
illegal diversion to agriculture is also a concern , as it is almost impossible to prevent , and its subsequent use on crops is uncontrolled .	illegal diversion to agriculture is also a concern , as it is almost impossible to prevent , and its subsequent use on crops are uncontrolled .
according to simulation theorists , the primary method for understanding the minds of others that people employ is simply to place themselves `` in the mental shoes '' of the other .	according to simulation theorists , the primary method for understanding the minds of others that people employ are simply to place themselves `` in the mental shoes '' of the other .
the bold use of colors in crafts and other constructions extends back to pre-hispanic times .	the bold use of colors in crafts and other constructions extend back to pre-hispanic times .
members of the city council normally serve four-year terms and are elected on a staggered basis in non-partisan elections .	members of the city council normally serves four-year terms and are elected on a staggered basis in non-partisan elections .
traditional ski designs make the widest part of the ski at the tip , making it the last part of the ski to touch the snow before it upturns to the tip .	traditional ski designs makes the widest part of the ski at the tip , making it the last part of the ski to touch the snow before it upturns to the tip .
the story is about the notorious 1843 murders of thomas kinnear and his housekeeper nancy montgomery in upper canada .	the story are about the notorious 1843 murders of thomas kinnear and his housekeeper nancy montgomery in upper canada .
the list includes results from 1930 to the present season .	the list include results from 1930 to the present season .
i am concerned that the amount of article work is too minimal to indicate a sufficient experience with the actual problems that confront people writing articles ; an understanding of the actual contributors is important in making correct decisions as an admin .	i am concerned that the amount of article work is too minimal to indicate a sufficient experience with the actual problems that confront people writing articles ; an understanding of the actual contributors are important in making correct decisions as an admin .
other areas of church life are in decline , including involvement in many local churches and the role that the churches play in public life .	other areas of church life is in decline , including involvement in many local churches and the role that the churches play in public life .
storage troops operate the majority of the heavier equipment found in the bomb dump , including `` 18 wheelers '' , heavy-rated forklifts , and cranes .	storage troops operates the majority of the heavier equipment found in the bomb dump , including `` 18 wheelers '' , heavy-rated forklifts , and cranes .
even among the remaining homo sapiens , the use of computerized implants that heavily augment normal abilities is ubiquitous and accepted as normal .	even among the remaining homo sapiens , the use of computerized implants that heavily augment normal abilities are ubiquitous and accepted as normal .
lustration systems based on dismissal or confession are able to increase trust in government .	lustration systems based on dismissal or confession is able to increase trust in government .
as the first viva station of the new design , the warden stop serves as a prototype for the remainder of viva 's rapidway stations .	as the first viva station of the new design , the warden stop serve as a prototype for the remainder of viva 's rapidway stations .
songs from this period include `` i ca n't give you anything but love '' , `` exactly like you '' , and `` on the sunny side of the street .	songs from this period includes `` i ca n't give you anything but love '' , `` exactly like you '' , and `` on the sunny side of the street .
and so was founded the old ottregians society , which took as its motto 'floreat ottregia ( 'may ottery flourish ' ) '' the old ottregians society still exists today ( 1997 ) .	and so was founded the old ottregians society , which took as its motto 'floreat ottregia ( 'may ottery flourish ' ) '' the old ottregians society still exist today ( 1997 ) .
disambiguation templates provide an easier way to achieve this effect .	disambiguation templates provides an easier way to achieve this effect .
multiple awards of each class and each category to the same individual are possible .	multiple awards of each class and each category to the same individual is possible .
instead , dual-clutch transmissions that are currently on the market primarily use two oil-bathed wet multi-plate clutches , similar to the clutches used in most motorcycles , though dry clutch versions are also available .	instead , dual-clutch transmissions that are currently on the market primarily uses two oil-bathed wet multi-plate clutches , similar to the clutches used in most motorcycles , though dry clutch versions are also available .
the newly-found version is an early rough cut of the film with substantially different dialogue and music , several deleted scenes , and a very different ending .	the newly-found version are an early rough cut of the film with substantially different dialogue and music , several deleted scenes , and a very different ending .
if every open set containing x contains infinitely many points of s then x is a specific type of limit point called a ω-accumulation point of s .	if every open set containing x contains infinitely many points of s then x are a specific type of limit point called a ω-accumulation point of s .
signings made for the 2010 season are richard myler , ryan atkins and david solomona .	signings made for the 2010 season is richard myler , ryan atkins and david solomona .
communities located in the township include barwick , black hawk , finland and shenston .	communities located in the township includes barwick , black hawk , finland and shenston .
electrons in the conduction band are free to move in the material .	electrons in the conduction band is free to move in the material .
the two major tributaries meet near the sudanese capital of khartoum and flow north through egypt and into the mediterranean sea .	the two major tributaries meets near the sudanese capital of khartoum and flow north through egypt and into the mediterranean sea .
other works of the artist are to be found , among other places , in the sculpture park of schloss moyland and at cologne cathedral .	other works of the artist is to be found , among other places , in the sculpture park of schloss moyland and at cologne cathedral .
in electrocardiography , fiducial points are landmarks on the ecg complex such as the isoelectric line ( pq junction ) , and onset of individual waves such as pqrst .	in electrocardiography , fiducial points is landmarks on the ecg complex such as the isoelectric line ( pq junction ) , and onset of individual waves such as pqrst .
news of the earthquake , combined with the fact that replacement power sources ( such as oil and gas ) are at record highs , caused tepcos stock to plummet 7 .	news of the earthquake , combined with the fact that replacement power sources ( such as oil and gas ) is at record highs , caused tepcos stock to plummet 7 .
according to the duden dictionary , the expression refers to the mps grouping themselves like sheep behind their respective bellwether ( s ) before re-entering the chamber .	according to the duden dictionary , the expression refer to the mps grouping themselves like sheep behind their respective bellwether ( s ) before re-entering the chamber .
the conditions that lead to the signal being raised are , for example , incorrect memory access alignment or non-existent physical address .	the conditions that lead to the signal being raised is , for example , incorrect memory access alignment or non-existent physical address .
the architects for the bus station are grimshaw architects and benoy is working on city sentral .	the architects for the bus station is grimshaw architects and benoy is working on city sentral .
nanjō apparently does not spend much time with his parents , so yamaoka 's death at the hands of zombies deeply affects him .	nanjō apparently does not spend much time with his parents , so yamaoka 's death at the hands of zombies deeply affect him .
